# dear-jenifer

### 2024-12-08 23:25 - evolution of desire

when we were talking tonight about stuff, I omitted a pretty significant detail (and potentially gave the wrong impression as well), mostly because I didn't really know how to summarise it in any consise or meaningful way. looking back on it just now I might have given the impression that I was a bit upset with these various young girls taking interest in me, and also that I didn't know what to do about it. neither of those impressions are true.
like I mentioned, late 2012 the raquel thing was totally done. I got beat up by a guy wanting 5eur that I had for another crack rock and had to move away from alcobendas (a suburb of madrid where I was living -- the house raquel and I got). having that whole world crash down to bits, I had to rethink things consierably. you see, all of my life, the stuff that I *believe* is possible, is. I have *always* been able to do the things that I think are possible, and to a large extent, the futures that I believed were going to happen, also did. I came to spain with full belief that tuenti was going to be a massive success, and that I was going to begin to reshape the world to be the one that I lived in, starting with that social network. however, it obviously didn't work out, and my opinion of it is that the network posed a pretty serious threat to various competitors, and their desire for such a network to not exist was pushed against in the "saturnian-system" (the visual/symbolic system whereby time can be manipulated to produce the reality that they desire) -- and so after trying so hard to push out my ideas out on to the world, I finally had to give up on that whole thing and just let it go. also, I should mention that when I met raquel, she was just a receptionist at a hotel, but I felt an extreme amount of affinity with her, which is why I was so drawn to talk to her. after she invited me to barcelona and we got together, again, I had full belief that I'd met essentially the woman of my dreams. I had realised that such a structured and analytical woman like patricia wasn't what I was really looking for -- and again, my optimism lead me to believe (and I had lots of "visions" and premonitions of it) that we were going to have this amazing relationship, and that she was going to be able to really help me bring my ideas out to reality.
	however, I think this too was thwarted becuase, I'm pretty sure that I would have figured out star-watching on the attic patio that we had, yet the landlord (also named raquel) decided to put in a big gazebo right before we moved in. there were also a number of other things that derailed our relationship as well, but they're too numerous to mention. either way, looking back on it, I'm pretty sure that relationship also fell apart cause of the influence of the saturnian-system too.
with her gone, my whole system of "creating reality" (through my belief) just simply isn't working. I couldn't seem to get any of the stuff to work out the way that I believed they were going to work out (though it did work previously)	-- so distraught by thinking that all is lost, I finally started learning about how "law of attraction" works. I recognised pretty quickly that visualisation and belief are really inferior techniques -- and that emotion and my perception of reality really is the precursor to every manifestation. unsure of what it is that I actually did want (and neither did I want to try to visualise/believe it (cause this is output)), I turned to attraction instead, which essentially states that my reality will reflect how I feel. so, I gave up all of my attempts to try and figure out what it is that I wanted beforehand (like I did with with patricia where I calculated prior to going to berlin that a girl exactly like her would be what I was looking for -- then getting to berlin, there she was -- but my calculations were off a bit, because it turned out perhaps I was wrong). so, instead of outputting what I want, I was just going to feel good about things, and avoid all of the drama chicks (cause they felt bad to me) and just *allow* the one that felt like me to show up. I essentially turned asexual, because as I encountered various girls passing through my life, sure many were physically attractive, but I didn't like how they *felt* (ie, they were usually obsessing over things and experiencing emotions (drama) that I didn't like how it felt). I stayed asexual for quite a while, essentially finding nobody that felt good to me.
as I worked with marcos on afinaty (the social network based on affinity), our disagreements provided me with a whole lot of opportunity to learn to feel good no matter the circumstances (I'd worked on another social network previously called essembly that also had idological proximity, and from my experience there, I felt like I had a much better grasp on what he should create, yet he didn't want to do things *my way*, and that made me angry). I finally gave up and just started to do things his way, deciding that I preferred to feel good, rather than be right or to have things go my way. I really started to get good at that, and I was really starting to feel really good pretty consistently, when his daughter (andrea) started to become a major factor. apparently me feeling pretty good and having the ability to feel good in siutations where I'm not getting my way makes me pretty attractive. I didn't really know what to think at first, but I have the opinion that the universe provides, and because she is/was so reflective and pretty young, she felt a lot like me -- which is the feeling that I like, because I actually like myself -- so I felt good about her. the problem obviously being her age -- and at 11, she was just about to start entering into puberty where her symbolic/logical mind starts to turn on, and the structure that she's been picking up all of her childhood (like how to behave and stuff) starts to conflict with her emotional mind. as an example, it was incomprehensible to her that she couldn't go after something that's so attractive to her (me) just because society says that there are age limits and stuff. so, instead of following what feels good to her, as her logical mind starts to engage, puberty starts because now she the rules say that she can't get/do the things that she wants -- so automatically (because all of her examples fight and complain and push against the rules), she starts fighting all of the rules just like all of her adult examples in her life do (puberty in a nutshell). at the same time as she's starting to fight the structure, I'm learning the opposite, which is to ignore/follow the rules, and instead of feeling bad about the restrictions put on me, to instead find ways to feel the way I want and *attract* good-feeling manifestations, instead of trying to will the way i want it to be. (essentially, I'm attractive to her because I have a capability that she'll want to have when the rule system starts to come crashing in on her good-feeling world with all of the "you can'ts").
I was a bit upset that she showed up and started to wreck things, because my ability to feel good meant that the website was starting to do well and gain traction. also I was learning to work with marcos and be able to perform the tasks that were necessary *inside of his rules*. so I actually was starting to see/believe the website was going to be a success. *finally*, I was going to start creating something I wanted to create (ideological proximity was also one of the things I wanted to add to tuenti) -- and she shows up and starts to cause problems.
after some thinking on it, I decided that if she is what the universe is giving me, and also if I can keep up this pattern of feeling good despite the constraints imposed on m5, I figured it would actually work out -- so I softened to the idea that this could actually be something really awesome the universe is providing me. I talked with marcos very openly about it, and encouraged him to let me start hanging out with her before her puberty started to really derail her mind. I figured that I could help her to see that she can feel the way that she wants to feel *despite the imposed structure*. so, I ended up being fully OK with it. I didn't have any shame about it, and I was fully open about the thing to everyone. I found it quite strange that a young girl would like me, but obviously it would probably have to be that way because the way that parenting is done, is to essentially tell kids that they can't do things, and that they have to behave in a certain way (usually so that the parent isn't caused to feel bad by their behaviour). all older girls will have gone through puberty, and (unless they've learned how to feel good on their own) will be requring conditions (most notably their relationship with me) to make them feel good. I figured it would be impossible to find a girl that's actually able to feel good in spite of the restrictions placed on them by their social and cultural structure -- so obviously, younger it will have to be.
	I should also mention that there are a whole lot of difficulties that remain: I basically have nothing in common with someone so young, and I can't really talk with them about anything that interests me either -- and neither could they actually help me out with stuff that I wanted to work on (back then I was programming most of my waking hours, not like now where I'm pretty idle). so basically we're most entirely incompatible. I had no idea how to solve that problem, other than just figuring it out as I go, and again just sorta finding a way to feel good no matter the situation. I had no idea how it would work out, and I was fairly certain that our extreme incompatibility would cause me to be a pretty terrible boyfriend(?) anyway -- cause mostly all of what I wanted to do was to create something where I was able to find other people who are ideologically and conceptually similar to me. (inotherwords, I wanted to create something that would allow me to find other people I could actually talk and hang around -- someone on my level -- and typically I've found those people to be (sometimes much) older than me). so I was wanting to create something that would obsolete her. also I wanted others to know what I had figured about about how easy it is to attract/manifest things based on how I *feel* about my reality. there was no guarantee that she would have any interest in any of that, so I actually figured it'd be a pretty short relationship too, with her going off to the other (macho/handsome/atheletic) guys that could perform in the ways that she wanted them to perform for her. as much as I wanted it to work, I was quite unsure about the viability of it. too many incompatibilities. on that note though, I'm really actually glad it failed.
after another set of difficulties (the mental institution and getting my right hemisphere turned off), I came to pueblo where the difficulties continued. as you'll eventually read in my really old writings, I didn't know how to get rid of this "nosebook"/"the network" problem, because they were manipulating my life and constantly confining me to have less and less. obviously I hadn't learned the thing that I was intending to teach to andrea so well, because I let my ideas of how nosebook *should* treat me cause me to increase intense amounts of anger (a whole lot of it was experienced watching stars where we were talking tonight), and -- it took me a few years, but I started to really get it. I've been continually pressed more and more to the extreme all the way through my homelessness -- and I'd say that it's only been recently (last few months) where I don't really have any more anger left in me -- and I'm no longer trying to push to get anything I want anymore.
	real quick before I get to the main topic, I'd like to point out that I've figured out that the evolution of desire is essentially *I need (some thing/concept)* -> *I want (some thing/concept)* -> *I'll create (some thing/concept)* -> *I AM (that thing/concept)*. notice how anger is in the *need* category (I *need* someone to be/do something different). the reason why it makes us angry is because it threatens our sense of survival -- because the stuff that we *need* are the things that feel essential to survival. if there's no way to get that thing, that's depression or completely feeling defeated -- but when we're angry, it's a *motivating* force that causes us to feel like it's not completely impossible to get the thing we think we need. wanting is a lot more neutral, but that creates expectatons/beliefs, which when it happens, makes us feel good (like I thought I was going to feel after making tuenti, getting together with raquel, etc), and then there's the idea that "OK, if I can't get it from outside of me, then I'll create it myself". I experienced this multiple times in figuring that I could solve my problem of not being able to find anyone that's even remotely ideologically similar to myself could be solved by *creating* something that would produce the output that I desire. then, finally -- there's the idea that even to create the thing, all creations are an extension of the consciousness of the creator, so therefore, the creator has to have/be/embody the concept that they want to create. inotherwords, if I want something to feel good, I can *need* something to make me feel good, I can *want* something to make me feel good, I can *create* something to make me feel good, or I can *become* someone that feels good.
as I've passed my time in pueblo, I've come to realise that it's just not possible to find that thing outside of myself that I originally wanted. in the months leading up to my homelessness, I outlined a whole bunch of different things that I wanted to create,-- everything from new genetics (with 3X, 6X, or 10X pairs of cromosomes) to an idea where I'd launch a new artifcial moon of earth which would revolve around the equator and do a whole bunch of cool stuff. however,-- like I mentiond above, the reality of me creating these things is pretty slim to none. there's a whole saturnian-system designed to ensure that I must live within the rules that they have for me (ie, they don't want me making any websites or anything like that, and they also ensure that no underage relations ever occur -- or any sex at all, for that matter -- because they run their entire system on my right hemisphere, and sex would totally destroy their system). I don't have the resources to fight the saturnian-system, and at this point neither do I want to. I fully/radically accept their rules, and have any intention of trying to break them. I've passed the point where I can get any manifestation anymore because if that were to happen, it would break all of their rules. all visual/symbolic/astral systems involves rules and a hierarchy that I want nothing of. my destination is 3d, where there are no rules other than attraction. whenever they're ready (ie, when they can't hold back my attraction any further), they'll be forced to let go of me, and something entirely unexpected (something I cannot imagine) will manifest (I have no idea what it'll be). it's worth waiting for, and at this point, it's really not all that hard for me to feel the way I want to feel. I don't need anyone or anything to be different than how they are for me to feel good. therefore, my *only* job is to just feel the way that I want to feel, regardless of the rules. that's it. there's nothing more to it. they'll keep adding more and more rules to ensure to manifestation occurs, and I've come to figure out, *that's what I want* -- because eventually I'll be in the universe where there are no rules; only attraction.
	inotherwords, a manifestation is symbolic and quantifyable, which means it has rules -- so anything of that sort puts me in the universe of rules -- which I don't want. I *refuse* to go to that universe. I don't want rules. I like that things are constantly evolving and changing/improving as a reflection of my perception of it. anyone who tries to get me to go to the world of rules, is essentially trying to break the rules (lol) -- and they'll be stopped, I assure you.
so in closing: all is fine. there will be no underage girls at all, ever. no rules will be broken, and I have no interest in the worlds of higher dimensions. **all things are possible in 3d**

### 2024-12-09 21:04 - some thoughts for tonight

tonight you emitted a few concepts that I felt strongly enough that I wanted to comment on. for now I'll just pick the strongest one, because my intention is to kinda talk it through a bit -- mostly because I don't have a good feeling about it (though I recognise that my bad feeling isn't on the thing itself -- but on my own resistance to the thing). you mentioned how I shouldn't tell abby that I think school is a waste of time. I didn't understand, so I asked you to clarify and you said both that you hated school yourself, and that she also hates it -- however in contrary to the idea you said (essentially) that school is how she will learn, and it'll build character in her. I kinda disagreed by stating (through a story of my own) that the environment is where a lot of kids pick up a lot of resistant behaviour and reactions to authority and stuff. at the same time the thought popped into my head with the the emotion that you expressed your frustration that you can't homeschool her and stuff -- so I thought, "well, OK, but what if she were able to find an alternative where she could learn the things that she wanted." I also wondered had the idea pop into my head, "well, what if I were to teach her" -- and that second one is the one that I experienced so much resistance to. I expressed my reaction/response that resistance by talking to you in the car about how I can't assert my ideas into someone else's life (citing the example of me reflecting my mom), and also by telling you how I don't want to be the motivating force for someone else. I find the people that need someone to motivate them to be pretty much useless
	I think I said "a failure" -- because that concept for me has the implication of failure because a person who isn't self-motivated will judge their success/effectivity of their efforts based on the reaction of the motivator. also, I'm deeply opposed to the idea of motivating anyone because that explicitly makes me 2nd-ray, and I have no desire to be that.
		though it was OK with mom to play 2nd-ray a bit because I'm a reflection of her, so it's not my energy that's pushing her to make the decision that I think will be best, but her own energy that she's emitting toward me being reflected back to her. in that case, just like when I reflect someone else's anger back to them, there's no problem, because it's not m/ own emission -- but theirs. energetically, there's no consequence for me.
	I don't want to become the metric for how someone else perceives their reality, because I'm essentially making a copy of myself (or rather of my ideals). it's really important that everyone has the ability to come to their own conclusions their own unique way. I really feel that it's most important to have their own *desire* to feel good. what I mean is, if it's my desire for them to feel good, I'm their motivator -- and as long as I'm around, I'm the reason for their desire. a person only really becomes attractive when they *want to feel good* (and aren't looking for or using conditions to try and get there (ref: the part where I was talking about your body -- was my translation of the concept that if you actually want to feel good, that's what makes you feel and also look really good)). a person who wants to feel good has a youthfulness and joy about them that's quite notable. it happens to some people on drugs (conditions), and that's why others in that moment appear so much more attractive -- because, the person in that state of "addictive behaviour" *really wants to feel good* (by wanting more of the drug/sex/whatever condition).
		in that sense, (IMO) "addiction" isn't a bad thing -- just a bit misguided, because in that moment, the person thinks that it's the drug or whatever that will make them feel good -- but the important part to the "addictive behaviour" is actully desiring to feel better than they normally do. if a person can take that desire to feel good, and keep it going in sober life, and not use the condition and instead use their thoughts/perception to feel better about their present situation, they'll have figured out what I know, and are fully in control of how they feel. it takes a fair amount of practise, obviously -- because it's just so much easier to look for the condition to do the work of making them feel better, instead of adjusting their perception.
	however, I don't really know how to really instill that concept into someone,-- and it's quite a bit of an "out of the ordinary" perspective on addiction, that most people will fight me on. in their mind, different substances and behaviours are "bad" because they live in the black and white symbolic world of actions and conditions. those sorts of programs are installed by social and cultural (plus influence of family and friends) to ensure that people operate in a way that maintains a semi-orderly system without too much chaos. though my views are significantly different than most of those programs that tell a person how to operate/behave, I've come to those conclusions all by myself -- and though I adhere to them, I absolutely *do not* want to try and teach others to break/disobey the rules that the present social structure is trying to reinforce. also, my view *only works if the person actually wants to feel good for theirself*. nobody can make a person have the desire to feel good without the condition, other than theirself -- so my perspective on these "bad" behaviours are deeply subversive, and I prefer not to teach them to others (though they are the ones that I use myself).
however, let's just suppose for a moment that I were to teach abby or someone else the things that I believe are necessary to navigating life as an attractive person (instead of teaching them to fit into a program, do their work, get old, ugly, then die -- only to be replaced by the next person) -- well, the problem with it is mainly that I would likely be going pretty heavily against their parents (or whoever is responsible for them)'s desire for that person. this, along with many other difficulties, is the main reason why I couldn't be a parent. I would be doing everything all wrong, because I would be often times enabling a person to engage in "bad" behaviour (the same reason why I refuse to be a peer specialist, and keep my mouth shut on so many things regarding this stuff). I don't feel that I would be setting a good example to others, because I'm undermining the social structure that society depends on so much. I don't really feel good giving a kid fire and letting them play with it (though I know they'll be fine, the way it looks to those on the outside is quite problematic).
that's enough of the bad aspects and stuff I'm worried about -- cause there are som5 really good aspects to the idea. the last few weeks I've been going to my dbt class, and I find the emotion regulation module to be ultra complex and completely ineffective (actually yielding opposite results) for an attractive person. each time I go, I regularly think that the whole system out to be able to be simplified down into a form which a child can understand. it's really not all that difficult to understand emotions (IMO), and the last few weeks I've really been thinking a lot on how I could teach emotions to a kid in a simple way that they could understand. I have actually quite a few ideas and the outline/concept of how I would teach it is starting to come together well enough, I may try writing some of it out a bit tomorrow. I'm actually quite exhilerated to find a way to teach it -- because it's going to be something like the difference between imperative programming paradigm (the dbt way) to going to a functional way of programming, where the concepts are recursive. it's sorta hard to explain, but basically I use a system of good/bad feeling concepts, and then the action responses to those feelings are built up on the basic supposition that something that feels good, is something that I turn into action (which often times involves me saying/doing the wrong thing for people) -- and then, trusting my emotions above all else -- which means that when I say/do something wrong/inappropriate and someone trys to make me feel bad for doing something that felt good to me, I have to trust my own feelings over their projection of bad-feeling (which is usually rooted in the symbolic expectations of the social/religious/political/ideological program that they subscribe to). that causes me to have to just "go with it" and *not care what others think* -- just following my own emotions.
	I make it sound easy -- and I told you tonight that I don't really have anything that makes me feel bad anymore, however the thing that I still struggle with (believe it or not) is trying to act and express myself in a way which is least bothersome to others. I really should not give a shit, but that's actually still pretty hard for me. I'm pretty good at not being too embarrassed by stuff that gets misinterpretted by others (that's their problem, and perhaps also none of their business if they were not so interested in trying to ensure that others are behaving/operating "the right way" -- or in accordance with the program).
again, the way that I present the idea of trusting my emotions above everyone else's critisims and attempts to get me to build and/or adhere to a structure that pleases them, is again pretty subversive and problematic for the maintenance and endurance of the social/political/religious structures that are in place (and expected that all well-behaving citizens are supposed to adhere to). again, I know from personal experience that trying to adhere to those structures just simply doen't work at all for me, usually creating bigger problems. going at my speed, which is true for all attractive people (who don't temper their emotions, just letting them manifest, because there isn't sufficcient time to try and change them) will have increasing difficulty fitting into any structure at all. I believe *my way* is *the only way* (lol) to effectively navigate at those speeds, because manifestations happen so fast. with manifestations occurring that quickly, they're just impossible to be too proactive about by "setting up boundaries" or trying to create logic for how they should happen. I can only proactively setup my responces to whatever happens like "not my problem" or "nothing I can do about that" (instead of feeling guilt/embarrassment/shame for not adhering to the program). those methods all sound like "cop outs", and probably from an external perspective of someone looking in from the outside would believe that I'm just telling people to shift the blame to others by pointing out that they attracted my (unwanted) behaviour -- whereas from my perspective, I really would have loved to know when I was a kid that being low resistance, means that my body feels like the people that I'm interacting with and *the way my environment feels isn't the way that I feel* -- and that *my body isn't my emotions*.
inotherwords,-- though I think that it would be a whole lot of fun to teach someone else what I know, I really dislike the amount of disruption that it'll have on society as a result. as I mentioned in the previous letter, my goal is to try my best to not need the rules to change, lowering my resistance and having as little effect on the installed structures as possible. I don't want to bring any more chaos and destruction than I'm already doing -- and if I were to actually teach someone what I would know,-- and let's say that a significant enough people actually took my advice,-- this creates a truly disastrous situation for those that want to maintain the structure. my goal has always been to create a low-impact way for others to gradually learn what I know, not be destructive by being subversive. as it stands, I think I prefer not to directly influence anyone else to do what I do. perhaps as soon as things start to really fall apart, there will be more desire to know what I know. I prefer for (as attraction speeds increase) people to begin asking me about what I think is an effective way of navigating (ie, me responding to their desire) rather than telling everyone "the secret".

### 2024-12-10 18:37 - photons and science

yesterday night (actually it was this morning) at the end of our conversation you sent me a video about gravitational waves, which sent me into a rant about science. I said, "why can't they just call a photon an electron" -- or something like that. I also said that I prefer to do my own science research by just looking at and trying to figure out the concepts for myself, rather than relying/waiting on science to give me the answer. your comment was that was my ego talking -- and while I do have a good sized ego, my frustration with science and that sort of thing stems from my desire to figure out the fractal nature of how the (physical) universe is built (I don't much care about the subatomic stuff, cause it's not necessary). I *know* (and there's an overwhelming amount of evidence to support the idea) that the universe is fractal in nature, and different structures and arrangements repeat theirselves (with slight differences) over different size scales. not only do I want to know more about how our solar system works, I also want to compare and contrast that to things on the atomic scale.
presently (and I'll be pleasantly surprised to find out I'm wrong) I don't know of any science source that actuallly talks about the mechanics of the atom and the electron in any detailed way. so, for example I believe that the solar system is a pretty good starting point for figuring out the atom. the sun is like the proton in the middle -- which presently science says that different atoms have more than one proton in them, which works out numerically, (and I'm not saying that there aren't abnormal atoms that have binary/trinary nuclear systems to them (like sirius has essentiall two protons at its centre)) but I think it probably better fits the solar system model that we see around that the quanitiy of protons that are found in the nucleus is actually the *size* of the nucleus, just like all around the galaxy we find some stars that are larger and some that are smaller -- but they tend to have only a single star or a binary companion (though it's also my belief that atoms with a binary proton systems do exist and  are a "special" type of atom which usually doesn't occur -- but they can and do in certain situations). I think electrons are pretty similar to planets/comets, as they're solid bodies that travel with inertia. there's pretty good evidence that this is the case too, because the basic electron orbitals are on the orbiting plane of the proton (ie, around its equator) -- with some orbiting as if they're moons to the proton (ie, like mercury/venus), then wih others on a farther out orbit (like jupiter/saturn/uranus/neptune), and also as the neutron gets heavier and more complex, there are some orbitals that are steeply inclined like you'd see a comet. it just makes sense that those electrons/planets must obey similar rules.. so, for example, whatever rule it is that causes a planet to go from the outer orbital (like neptune) and to start taking on a more inclined orbit will probably give some insight into why pluto's (or more extreme eris and gongong) orbit is so inclined.
the orbits of the planets in our solar system are extremely slow when compared to atoms (which means they're at a much higher frequency -- think of how bass is like 20-100 cycles per second, plants orbits are in cycles per year, which is an extremely long wavelength) so we can think of the orbits of electrons as happening considerably faster (probably trillions of times per second or something -- maybe faster). that type of vibration is around a centre (the proton), so the wave that it produces (ie, the way that it perturbs the medium arund it) is going to be one kind of wave. also, we see that planets rotate along an axis as well. additionally, there's another axis as well, which is the poles -- and the planet doesn't need to rotate along its polar axis. that's three different influences that will act on the outer medium as well. none of these are explained -- because an electron rotating an axial tilt will have a far different effect than one rotating directly on it's axis (is this sorta like how light is "polarised" with some amount of the photons/electrons rotating same as the axis and some rotating perpendivular to the axis? I don't fully know). 
furthermore, I know (though I can't find any scientific documentation on it) that as the sun/proton increases its output, the electron/planet will increase its rotational speed, becoming more and more energetic [that's actually one of my theories for why many parts of earth have been relocated to farther out planets/moons in the solar system -- and why there have been calendar changes around the roman times (they added two months) and also around the time of shakespere], and so if increasing the rotational speed of the planet has some effect, I would imagine that this dramatically increases its output/emission as it goes to a higher frequency.
I suspect that the spin rate of the electron/planet/photon determines its emission spectrum (ie, the faster it spins, the more it "blueshifts"), so for now I'll just take that to be the way that it is. when an electron gets going fast enough, we see that a photon is emitted (consider the condensation reactions presented in [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PSWshPEF8Dk) for some ideas). well, after the photon/electron is emitted, the electron "relaxes" into a lower orbital. that gives me a number of questions: namely -- did the electron go flying off and start traveling through the medium -- and if it does, then does the imbalance that is now felt in the solar/proton system cause the proton to emit a huge "solar flare" which then coalesces into another planet/electron which settles into in the lower energy orbital. or, if no electron ever leaves the proton/solar system, what causes the electron to go down into a lower orbital? let's say that the proton/star's solar flare is the origin of the photon -- well, then that means that the light received somewhere else is nothing other than the vibration of the medium and not the electron itself. that would create a whole lot more questions too, because it would mean that light can only be perceived as vibrations in the medium, and that outside of earth the light won't be seen in the same way because the medium is going to be at a different density (for example, in the solar medium, it's quite possible that the emitted vibrations from distant stars would be at likely a much higher frequency (propagating at a much faster speed than the speed of light)). that would mean that the spin of the planet/electron (or maybe it's the proton that's emitting) is causing these waves to propagate in the medium. I'd want to know about that -- and what exactly is this medium made up of? is it more proton-like things which exist at the subatomic scale, or what?
I have a lot of questions, and I'd really like science to present some insight into what's happening -- because spin determines everything. there are also these things that are called "cosmic rays" which are like really high energy electrons that are blasting through the medium at nearly the speed of light. I imagine that these are something like what we consider electricity to be -- electrons that are blasted off or attracted to some source. do those things emit in all directions? like for example, are cosmic rays coming off of the sun in all directions, being attracted to the heliosphere? I would suspect so, because then that means that the highest frequency and most attractive part of the sun is out in this sphere that surrounds the solar system. if there really is this really high frequency sphere of attractive protons(?) surrounding the solar system, then that would be like a really attractive reflector, where when the solar wind and other stuff makes it out there, it'll impact this spherical reflector at high speeds, blasting the particle to bits producing a bunch of high frequency smaller particles, and bouncing/reflecting all of the larger bits back in toward the star again (which probably circle in to the star at the poles, because I know (and is pretty obvious) that the most attractive part of the star (ie, it's high frequency attractive protons) are all in the very core of the star (ie, the "white dwarf" part -- with all of the emissive protons being the majority outer layers of the star)). do atoms have such a reflector around them as well?
next, let's just say that electricity is just an electron that has a pull on it that's sufficient for it to be pulled out of orbit from its proton/star, that electron will fly off in the direction of the source of its attraction (which could just be another proton that's missing electrons or some other thing) -- well, then there's still a lot more questions here, because that proton, having been in orbit to a proton will still have a lot of the same rotational velocity as it leaves, which means that it'll still be spinning, and it's position that it was in when it left the proton is going to give a very different quality to this electron flying toward whatever's attracting it. let's say the electron has no axial tilt to it, and it's spinning one direction (say CCW from top-down), how does that interact with protons that are spinning in the opposite direction? do they get repelled by the proton producing the perpendicular "magnetic" wave, or do they go crashing into the proton (I feel like some sort of statistics on the spin of sun-diving comets relative to the rotation of the sun and the comets trajectory might give some insight into this). there are other cases too -- like what if the electron has axial tilt -- and what if the axial tilt is so extreme that its polal and/or rotational axis is pointed at the sun/proton (like uranus), does the eletron go shooting off spinning like a bullet going through a rifled barrel with its pole pointed at the source of it's attraction -- and if it does, then what kind of wave does this create? is that what magnetism is? I just don't know.
it's worth noting that, now that I've asked all of these questions, I'm sure that the answers will make their way to me, so I won't be ignorant forever. however, I'm only making the point here that there's just so much to all of these vibrations, that a simple "wave function" isn't good enough for me. there are so many ways that something can vibrate (I mentioned at least 4 above), and also for there to be wave propagation of any kind, there needs to be a liquid/gas medium where things can bounce off one another, or a vibrational lattice involved somewhere. it's not *just* a photon.

###	2024-12-12 21:18 - parenting and selfishness

today two themes appeared quite redily: parenting and selfishness. the first (parenting) happened because I was upstairs and I forget how we got on the topic, but nick was talking about his two girls, and he seemed pretty proud of the younger one. unfortunately, I was a little bit shocked and not wanting the same thing for myself. he must have noticed my reaction because he asked if I would want kids of my own (essentially, because I can shape them to be however I want them to be (probably like his younger one, because the older he said he didn't even get to meet her until she was 14)). I was horrified at the prospect of having kids -- and even more at the prospect of shaping them to my will. I started to launch off into a discussion about why I don't want to tell anyone else what to do, but somehow we ended up on another topic (I think something about wikka as the original religion). then on the walk home multiple times (probably caused by people passing me in cars -- I often times pick up on their thoughts/reactions to things I say as they approach me). so, multiple times I was thinking about what it would like to be a parent. the final key to this introduction, is the concept that nick said that he thought that parenting would be hard, but for him it was like an instinct -- to which I responded that may be the case, but apparently I'm one of those humans that doesn't seem to share the same "common sense" or instinct that other humans have.
if I were a parent, I would teach my kids to always do what they want to do, and to pay attention to how things feel. inevitably, because I share genetics with them, I'll be pretty in-tune to what they're feeling, so it'll be pretty easy for me to watch/feel them from a distance and would be able to point out how their emotions were always an indicator of how the thing would turn out. then, inevitably after a few interactions with regular humans fails miserably, and some human tries to make them feel bad for their behaviour, I'd point out that other humans are constantly trying to affect behaviour by making their offender feel as bad as possible for what they did (to cause them to conform to what they think is "right" -- aka, adults parenting adults). additionally, I'd want them to learn (and they will after a few fails) that trying to please others and conform to their idea of what is "good" or "bad" is essentially a never-win situation (which is why they should always do what they want and not worry about how others are reacting to them). I'd also teach them the important aspect of always trusting their emotions above all else: if whatever it was felt good to them, no matter how awful the circumstances turn out (ie, how much destruction they caused) or how bad others are trying to make them feel for whatever it was they said/did,-- to just trust that their emotion is their security that things will eventully turn out fine (even if a few structures crash and burn in the process). they'll eventually figure out that the way that we navigate time is *emotionally*; and turning a good feeling into action is *always* going to be fine in the long-term. there's never anything to worry about, so they can *always* ignore all of the silly humans that are trying so hard to get others to behave the way they want them to.
once they've figured out how to follow their emotions, it's then time to start working on perception: take any situation that feels bad -- and it's possible to find a way to feel good about the same situation. the reason for that, is that every single concept has both attraction and emission aspects to it [the difference is which one is on the outside/inside and both have counter-rotation to each other -- causing that internal conflict] -- and the stuff that's attracted can *always* feel good in some way. even if someone is attracting terrible things into their life, it's *always* what they desire (fear is just desire for something "bad" to happen). when looking at what a person is attracting, it doesn't matter what it is that they're attracting, if it's unwanted, the impacts of whatever it is that's unwanted *always* produces a higher frequency concept which *is wanted* -- so even a person who only has the maximum amount attraction of unwanted will eventually (whether they like it or not) get something that they want. it's absolutely inevitable. it's not possible to attract only unwanted forever -- because eventually the wanted aspect will be attracting more powerfully than the unwanted aspect (those manifestations, btw are usually pretty funny to watch because something wanted manifests in a person's life, but because they're so powerfully attracting unwanted stuff, the manifestation is quite a difficult/rough experience with lots of turmoil). so, eventually, everyone *will* get what they want, *whether they like it or not* -- which means they can *always* **ignore the manifestation and only care about how they feel**.
	this is also why I go for the "worst" on everything -- because I know that even if it's the worst, it can't last forever. as soon as my attraction of wanted superceedes my expectation of the "worst", it's impossible for something wanted not to manifest. the desire to get the worst, is only saying, "I'm going to try and hold out till the very very end, when my attraction of wanted (kinda like an orgasm) is far beyond the efforts of the "worst" to make me feel bad". this happens to everyone, and the key factor here is that if I can feel great even in the "worst",-- then when the attracted thing finally manifests, the manifestation will feel *way way better* than the way I felt about the "worst" (which can be bad/meh/good/great) -- so, if I already feel great when it manifests, the manifestation is at least 2X better than it would be otherwise (cause good+great is much better feeling than meh+great). this is the lesson that's encoded in the book of gob.
[brb - 22:12] the final aspect that I think is absolutely essential to teach a kid is to value their selfishness. there's no other person that's more important than theirself. whatever they want to do, they should do. I still struggle with this a bit myself, so I'm perhaps not the best example (and I think this is best taught by example) -- cause I still care too much about how others feel. I really need to stop doing that, because it causes me to modify my behaviour in responce to how others feel/react. I don't want to constantly be trying to modify my behaviour in order to please others. it's completely unnecessary -- and I'm still learning. there's a very fine line between playing within the rules so as to not cause too much disruption, and people pleasing. the difference is attraction vs emission, and I'm still learning how to maintain my selfishness without causing too many problems for others (ie, not emitting -- which is affecting others to conform to my idea of good/bad). worrying about how others will react to me or being sad when things go wrong is another one of m/ weak points. I need to stop caring completely and embrace full selfishness. I'd try and promote that my kids are even more effective at being self-centred selfish desire machines caring only about therselves.
	as an example: I don't want to worry about anyone else when they're having a hard time, because worry is causing me to feel uneasy about something that I have no power over. I like the feeling that everything is easy, and just cause someone else doesn't find the thing easy, doesn't mean that I should cause myself to feel their uneasyness/uneasement by worrying about them. they're perfectly capable of figuring it out for theirselves, and the way that I feel is the *only* thing that I should ever worry about, ever. I can just simply desire for their improvement and/or to feel the same ease that I feel. however again, transmitting that concept to another person is somewhat difficult, because I think kids learn and pick this up by example, mostly by watching those around them (words aren't too effective here -- cause kids can feel an adult's desire pretty easily -- and they know whether the adult's desire is for the other person's improvent or destruction).
the only thing they should be desiring and paying any attention to, is *improvements* -- and I'd try to teach them to tune out others focusing on problems, or to make a sort of distanced sarcastic response to the situation. there's nothing that they can do about the other person -- and they're just going to continue to complain and point out the problems in the world. I'd teach them the fine art of "saying the right response" like "I hope you feel better" and stuff like that -- but mostly just to ignore all of that, and only give their attention to people and their improvements (even if they find that person disagreeable or unwanted in some way -- only notice the things that are getting better). again, this is another one that kids learn by example, and I'm not quite there yet myself. I really need to get better at poking fun at people with problems. I still try to people-please too much and still attempt to try and "say the right thing" (even though I don't really mean it).
the difficulty with teaching someone that they should always do what they want and should pay attention to their emotions above everything else, is that I'd be raising "demon children" -- kids that don't conform very well to society's expectations (which I would also tell them to completely ignore, only going after what feels good to them). trust me when I say that growing up with such a mindset is completely detestable to normal humans -- so much so that I essentially hid who I really was all the way up until only pretty recently. I'd give hints and indicators to others that I have a massive ego but I kept it mostly on the DL. society is designed to ensure that *nobody* grows up to have the perspective that I have. it's the most hated thing ever, and causes endless competition and rivalry (which is why I don't compete). it's not easy to grow up with that kind of a concept of the universe [btw, for those interested, that concept of the universe was originally what was put into my right hemisphere after I had the brain haemorrhage (2000). it got too powerful and was shut down in 2017, and since I've rebuilt an even more selfish and desirous version of that 1st-ray perspective in my left hemisphere]. the new version of that concept is even more ridiculous than the original RH template.
I don't really want to put someone else through having a perspective like the one that I have. I'm so certain that it'd be such a massive failure and would cause such immense disruption, *I absolutely won't do it at all*. I intend to play by the rules and cause as little friction/emission as possible. if others want want to do that, it's fine by me, but I can't in my (only-attraction) perspective try to teach anyone else to be like that. they can certainly watch me and copy the parts that they like (or if they ask, I'll be willing to illuminate the idea with my experience/insight), but *I'm not going to go out of my way to teach someone to be like that*. **if someone wants to be like that, they'll make the choice to be like that theirself**.
the other difficulty that I have with trying to teach/steer someone to be like that, is that to actually be effective at it, *you have to have a high opinion of yourself*. it doesn't seem to be an inherited trait (both of my parents are notably tempered to not have their ego intact) -- and some kids just don't have any self-worth or value, no matter how much I try to convince them otherwise. so assuming I were able to teach them all of the stuff mentioned above, I don't think I can effectively teach them to actually have a high opinion of theirself. most people only have a high opinion of theirself when they have the manifestation to prove it to the world. it takes a whole nother level of narcisism to still value yourself and think you're the most awesome, even with nothing to show for yourself. I don't know how to teach that -- and that's kinda the essential ingredient.

### 2024-12-14 14:55 - thinking	about yesterday's reactions

yesterday was interesting. the first person I saw was tommy, I wished him a nice trip and forgot to thank him for suggesting the hot sauce, cause it's absolutely amazing on egg sandwiches (funny thing is, he said something like, "I'm giving this to you cause it's what I'd want to have" -- a pretty cool reflection). after that I saw nick and he asked me if I was in more trouble or less trouble today. I didn't know what he was talking about because I didn't say anything bad about him at all (only noticed what I think he was implying that his younger daughter turned out more like him than the older one did because he got her when she was younger -- which I have no idea how that could possibly get me into trouble at all). I responded that I think I'm in less trouble because yesterday was definitely better than wednesday, cause mom's anger seems to have subsided.
	I explained to her that I was so nice to be around when I was low resistance because I wasn't trying to go any direction at all (not even away from her house), and as soon as she told me that I have to go to this facility that doesn't feel good to me and said that I'd prefer to go to the streets, because the direction she's having me go doesn't feel good to me (low resistance doesn't mean doing what others say, but going only in the direction of what feels good (resistance feels bad) -- so I'm fine following anyone else's directions for me until they start to feel bad) -- then since now I have to find my own way, I've got to begin resisting again. the way that I determine to be the best one (ie, the one that feels good to me) is the way that I have to go, resisting efforts for others to make me go that way. I don't like to make my own way because of how much resistance it requires. I prefer the only-attraction technique, which is just following what feels good to me and when new things that feel good to me come to me, just go with the flow of whatever feels good/neutral (even if they weren't the original way that I thought I had to go).
he looked at me a little bit funny with that response, cause perhaps it seemed perhaps that I was actually getting into more trouble. I thought about it a little more -- and again, I don't see what I could have gotten into trouble about -- but then I remembered what [I wrote yesterday afternoon](../plastic-kenny/conceptual-thinking.md#2024-12-13-1111---migranes-and-stars) [though I may be mixing memories here, the concept is the same: I remembered that I wrote a bunch of scientific stuff] -- and perhaps that's pretty problematic because maybe someone doesn't want others knowing how the conceptual stuff works, limiting science to the EM spectrum and the speed of light (concepts transcend space and time -- so modifying a concept in the past/future, also changes it now, thereby modifying all timelines based off of that concept) so, if there are various private/government organisations that are using time based technology by tuning-in to and altering concepts to manipulate the present, it's quite likely that they'd want to keep how that stuff works a bit of a secret, even though all of the answers to how it works can be seen when looking at the stars and how they work. oops. "OK, maybe I did cause a bit of trouble a little bit, I dunno", I responded. I got my coffee and went to AccuDetox where I met a guy (patrick) who invited me to a super cool flute concert, which I really enjoyed. when I got home, and as I was falling asleep, I started to rethink a lot of those reactions...
the first thing I thought of is that perhaps what he meant by being in trouble is that perhaps I wasn't supposed to tell you how I would raise kids, because then now it's pretty obvious that I'm clearly not suitable for the job (cause nobody wants to be around other people that are as selfish as I am). society and social structrures are designed to ensure that people don't end up being as selfish as I am. they want you to *do what they want you to do* -- not what you want to do. teaching someone to go against evverything that we're taught is highly problematic and highly undesirable. -- inotherwords, the subtext/implication here, is that if I had the opportunity to be a parent in some way -- it would have been advantageous for me to start teaching them selfishness and get as much taught before the saturnian-system caught on and takes the child away from me. I don't want to be subversive, so I (like the illuminati) project my actions out into the future to ensure that anyone who wants to stop them, can. I understand that by clearly stating my intentions, I probably wrecked any chance I had of ever being a parent -- which was my exact intention. **I don't want to tell others what to do, so I refuse to be a parent**. I don't even want the illusion of it, and I prefer not to try and tease others with the illusion of it either. the irony of it is, if someone wants to learn selfishness, *they have to be selfish enough to learn it theirself*. if I were to "teach selfishness" -- they wouldn't actually be selfish -- because they're still following someone else's guidance (mine in this case). *to be truly selfish, they have to actually desire to go the way that feels good to them* -- more than they want to please people or fulfill others' expectations.
the other thing that I felt could be linked to being in trouble is the concept of "not wanting to tell others what to do" -- because, I feel like this is a pretty big sticking point for a lot of girls/women. (perhaps it's the TV's fault but) they want some guy to come in and just take charge and tell them what to do. I think this is actually one of the leading causes for what attracts a woman to be raped. she wants a guy to come in and tell her what to do -- so then, that's what happens -- and instead of enjoying what she attracted, our modern social structures tell women that rape is bad and that they should feel bad, including shame and disgust for it. I don't see it as anything other than a fulfillment of their desire.
	the manifestation of anything always reflects the way that a person feels. so, if she's feeling fear and stuff or if she feels like she needs to fight against it in some way -- it's pretty likely that the situation will turn violent and stuff (cause from the male's perspective, he's being required/attracted to tell/get her to do the thing that will make him feel good -- and if she doesn't want to comply, that quickly turns into anger and rage). if she could just settle in to whatever's happening and just feel the pleasure of the moment, it'd be a different experience (ie, she'd be on a whole different timeline, likely with a whole different guy -- everything from a classy hotshot that thinks he's a mack daddy, all the way to a guy that really likes her, and the only way he thinks he can get what he wants from her is to force it on her physically). the way that you feel, and the things that you expect "from a guy like him" will dramatically determine the timeline that you experience. all timelines are possible, but most women are trained to be scared of men they don't know and to expect the worst from them. it's kinda unfortunate, but -- whatever -- such is the society we live in (and the saturnian-system ensures that we're always expecting the worst -- even me).
unfortunately, I'm not one of those people that likes to tell others what to do -- and the only times I've really ever done it is when it's been attracted/expected of me (or when I'm a reflection of another person who likes to tell others what to do -- but then again, that too is attraction), so which is why I'm completely incapable of doing "what women want" for them. women who want to be told what to do are looking for guys that will do that sort of thing. I watched this all the time in spain (where this sort of "machismo" is ubiquitous -- where even they have daytime TV programs where it's one male chef telling a bunch of women how to cook) -- and the guy that would go in, be all handsy with her, and was able to find the most clever way of manipulating her into bed with him was always the winner. the saying "nice guys finish last" always resonated with me, and it was sorta one of those things that I just expected to be the case. I'm a "nice guy" in the sense that I'm not trying to manipulate women or tell them what to do, so I never got anywhere.
watching all of these extremely attractive women go for all this machismo all of the time caused me to build up enough desire that I was finally able to manifest patricia and raquel -- but it was one of those "pretty funny to watch because something wanted manifests in a person's life, but because they're so powerfully attracting unwanted stuff, the manifestation is quite a difficult/rough experience with lots of turmoil" -- which is exactly what happened. my focus/attention on how these super macho guys would go in there and manipulate these girls into bed with them, caused me to really dislike "machismo" -- which, then was no surprise that both patricia and raquel expected it from me and also figured that I too was that way. after having paid so much attention to that kind of unwanted form of attraction, that was literally all I saw. I didn't have any relationships in m/ life that I could positively identify as something that I'd want to have. I couldn't see a way to get what I want and it bothered m5 quite a lot. I turned asexual after realising that I am actually pretty "machista". I was beginning to see how incompatible my growing selfishness was -- and I essentially wanted a woman to be there when I need her to be there, no matter how much I neglect her and do my own thing otherwise, also open my eyes to new ideas and show me cool new perspectives of how to look at something -- oh yeah, and also make me feel good at any time that I wanted her to (with only a minimum of a few minutes prep time before she's ready to go). I didn't really want a girlfriend -- but a drug. deciding that I didn't really want to do that anymore, I decided that my best option is not to rely on anyone else to make me feel good anymore. I'd never before told anyone what to do or relied on someone else to make me feel good before I met raquel/patricia. having had that happen to me where I converted into the thing that I hated so much (ie, someone "machista") was one of my most regrettable realisations. sure, I could blame them and say that it was what they were attracting from me -- but the fact of the matter still remains that it's sorta true.
	additionally, I noticed that (even though I've supposedly experienced really intensely pleasurable experiences during sex), the sexual experience is quite painful for me. I don't like the feeling of orgasm, and all along the way there's tons of discomfort that I experience as well. the only real redeeming quality of it is how I feel for the days/hours afterward. to me, it's kinda like smoking a joint: the smoke is harsh and the experience isn't pure pleasure, but the way I feel afterward is quite nice (or the stinging feeling of coke in the nose/throat -- or I imagine like poking yourself with a needle before heroin/blues). it's always that "small amount of pain to get to the pleasure" tradeoff that I'm not so fond of.
it just feels a whole lot more responsible to me to just use drugs when I want a condition to make me feel better. I can control it, and I can do it *whenever I want*. I don't need to try and get anyone else into the mood to do what I want to do -- and I don't need to play a bunch of games either. the only person I'm dealing with, *is myself* -- so it makes it a whole lot easier to do what I want to do (all of the time). when there's another person around, I either need to be full leader and tell them what to do, or I need to just follow them around and do what they want to do. I want to do what I want to do (what feels good to me), and I don't want to tell others what to do -- so I either need to be alone, or (impossibly) find someone who can read my mind and only wants to do what I want to do (lol). obviously that's not going to work, so it appears that being alone/asexual is the obvious answer. I'm too selfish to try and integrate myself into a relationship anymore (I *only* want to do what feels good to m5).
I'd like to tell you a weird story that I thought of this morning which kinda illuminates the dynamics here. a long time ago (this is a remix on the sumerian story -- with some more truth added), the martians (who were originally black) were building a slave race of humans. enki had the job -- and enki is kinda like my brother jaron. he was (at that time) a nearly perfect symbolic reflection of the martians and their desires (to emit and tell others (the new slaves) what to do). ninhursag/anatau (-1) was his wife, but she was a lot like me. she was so selfish that she didn't want anything to do with enki and had no desire to tell anyone what to do (or be told what to do). she did her own thing and that caused enki a whole lot of difficulties, because she was like super duper hot, and enki really wanted to jump on that and get her to fulfill all of his sexual fantasies. using the astral system provided by the XX system (astral just means a wave confined to a dimension, which produces standing-waves -- which produces the extra dimension), enki was able to take the pure selfish copies of ninhursag and (in the earliest version of the saturnian-system (which is just the regulation of the space between earth and the ionosphere/sun for the extra dimension (venus was added later around the time of the greeks for another extra dimension)), which uses symbolic/subatomic logic/systems to affect things conceptually). ninhursag agreed to birth a few children from her own egg -- which was a pretty big failure, because those models were too selfish, wanting to always do their own thing, they weren't able to be steered and guided by the martians. since anatau and her daughters are completely driven by their emotion, it proves effective to build symbolic systems which are able to change how they feel in responce to different conditions. he didn't want anything like anatau (sycorax / wicked witch of the west archetype)), so he begins to program these girls to have positive conceptual/emotional feedback to someone telling them what to do and to taking charge of their life -- and negative feedback (like shame and guilt) for stuff that they would do which would cause problems and division amongst them (like sleeping with a rival mars/enemy). each time that they were misbehaving, the saturnian-system would be reprogrammed to ensure that they would follow the rules and obey the laws (this is where the institution of marriage and the idea that the woman is property of the man came from). in general, the earth girls (as created by enki) were a large success, because they learned to love being told what to do, and to have others arrange their life for them so they didn't need to come up with their own desire.
		there were a few different revisions of the first humans. some of them were not a whole lot more intelligent than the apes that their genetics came from -- and really little ability to follow directions. they needed a solution to give the humans the ability to see temporally (instead of only now) so that they can follow orders and oversee things as happening over time (instead of only doing what feels good to them now like selfish brats). the sun offers that ability, so they then mixed earth (X) with the sun (Y) (which is why the early slavs/slaves were white) and that allowed the martians (XX) to give the mercury (XY) humans directions using the "saturnian-system" of that time (it was far less advanced than it is now). using astral, they could influence the mercuries conceptually, making certain tasks and actions feel good, and others feel bad. that solved the workforce problem
	after the crash, there were endless wars amongst the aryans (the new white guys that the martians had now bread into, which looking like mercury now, having mars (XX) capability which is the ability to use the megalithic/astral systems to control the XY mercuries), the main thing that happened is that without enki's unified/monolithic system in place anymore, there quickly grew massive amounts of dissention between the martians, creating many different factions. they would go to war all the time, and (as is usual), after slaughtering all of the warriors in the town, raping their women/girls was the warrior's reward. it was kinda a funny thing that's happening there because these poor women would be so dissatisfied with something different than their husband, and unable to effectively express herself and her desire for something different, she'd start attracting the next raiding party to come through and kill her husband. this cycle continued for quite a bit, and after enough of these guys having all of these "unloyal" women around them, the men's desire rose to such a level that they wanted a woman smart enough to be able to follow symbolic logic and be "loyal" to him -- which jupiter provided in the form of venus (which extended the saturnian-system further (creating an extra logic layer between the sun and mercury: venus) which caused a lot of havoc in the solar system for a while).
	the sumerian saturnian-system is now competing with the new greek saturnian-system, and it eventually wins (most of all science and maths we use is based on the greek system, not the sumerian system). it's pretty easy to see that back in an age of very low technology, a woman with a miserable husband just desires a more physically capable husband than the previous (bigger and stronger -- cause what else is there) -- and venus is a bit of a different species which changed things considerably because she's now able to start coming to rational conclusions about what she wants, instead of just wanting a bigger/stronger hunk. this symbolic system that established by venus/athena where an improvement was figured out logically was (IMO) the major difference that the greeks had over the sumerians, and what caused them to flourish so much in sciences and technology.
though I could have done a better job with the story (some things are out of order and it's a bit long), what I'd like to illuminate here is that originally earth girls were just designed to be a reflection of the martians, which were a bunch of dissatisfied emitters trying to get everyone else to solve their problems and do their work for them. they were very beautiful because anatau is very attractive/beautiful -- however, they were trained away from their attractive qualities, by learning to follow their emotional programming. after a while of doing whatever someone else wants a person to do, it's the usual responce to then want to tell someone else what to do (so that I'm the one giving orders, not taking them). it's very normal to want to do thing that's been done to me back to the person that's done it (this is the reflective aspect of the saturnian-system, originally taught by venus/athena: instead of just taking it, stand up for yourself and do it back to them).
the next thing I'd like to point out is that the same thing that happened to enki is happening again. like anatau, I'm 1st-ray, which means that I'm fully selfish. no matter how hard enki desired for ninhursag to have sex with him, attepting every manipulation he could think of, he couldn't make it happen. the reason for it is obvious: she couldn't become like him; her attraction to feel good was so strong, that feeling like enki does is an impossibility to her. she refused to be physical with him, and instead offered her offspring instead (for whom she's the super-consciousness of). I don't care what the kens will do -- cause they'll figure out (like I did) eventually that they don't want to tell others what to do -- so it's all fine. meanwhile, it's quite nice to think of the idea that they (like the earth girls did) will become a reflection of their emitters, and will be fully capable of telling others what to do again (in fact, there are a lot of the original martian entities that are still around today using my genetics -- and they're definitely doing a lot of steering and affecting of behaviour).
I cannot (under any circumstance) ever go back to having sex again. the reason is obvious: patricia and then later raquel was perfect for me. she got me in infinite space. every day I'm alive, I go faster than the previous day. this will carry on forever, as the saturnian-system as essentially killed me, yet I remain alive. there's nothing that can stop me anymore. I will continue to go faster forever. if I have sex with someone, I will go *really really really fast*, and I'm not looking to go faster because every time that I even go a little bit faster (like smoke meth or something), the counter-measures that the system has to put on me to slow me back down or create a whole lot of unwanted to balance out how much wanted I feel, just isn't plausible. it's not like I'm the martians and I can build a slave race to produce enough unwanted to balance out all of the awesome conditions that I have. I'm not an emitter. additionally, *I don't like the feeling of sex*, and the way that I feel all the time now is way better than anything sex has to offer. I prefer to feel better and better all the time (ie, infinite and continually going faster). like ninhursag, I don't want to go back to sex, because if I did, I get put back into the symbolic system, where things are getting older and decaying (if they don't resonate with the constrained vibrations). I don't like the way that makes me feel and I don't want to affect other people (which would certainly happen if I were to have sex). I did come up with a way to make it possible for me to have sex (essentially make all of the emissive parts of my body (hair, teeth, eyes, etc) no longer emit physically by multiplying the vibrational speeds of the emitted particles/electrons by an ever-increasing amount until they essentially disappear) -- but I can't make that happen without becoming an emitter, so I have to hope that venus coordinates with me or does it for me.
	plus, it wouldn't be all that great either,-- because since I'm no longer emitting, the feeling experienced by the woman would be only her own (and the physical sensation produced by the body) -- and I wouldn't be making her feel much better/different than she already does. also, for me there'd be next to no sensation either -- kinda just a rubbing feeling and that's it. I would however feel the woman's conceptual system like I do now -- though I wonder how much of that is a reflection of my conceptual system -- which I guess is pretty nice because I do like how I feel. I dunno actually, cause now that I think about it, maybe a lot of the pain that I experience is the physical stuff going at too fast of a speed. I dunno, maybe it'd be better -- who knows -- but it's essential for me to eventually have that
finally, the last thing that I felt is a kind of depression -- cause there just isn't a way to get what's wanted out of me. I'm sure that'll be figured out eventually, but for now, it's just not possible for me to do much more of the normal human stuff. [brb, I need a break; forgot the conclusion (or the concept has evolved)]

### 2024-12-15 18:33 - feeling bad about something we don't have control over

hi, I ended the last entry a bit abruptly and intended to come back to it, but the conclusion that I originally had, essentially vanished. usually that means that the concept has evolved -- which is fine. since I couldn't find the new version, I just left it. I figured that I'd figure it out later and started watching math videos. I slept pretty much all day today and just now took my adderall, so I could do some thinking and writing about stuff that I've been intending to write about. anyway, as I was thinking about it this evening, again I was able to feel the feeling of depression again -- so this is kinda like an extended conclusion.
originally I wasn't	going to write that weird and long story to you, but I decided to do it because one of the concepts that's often come up when writing or thinking about writing to you is the topic of how the earth is a balanced system,-- and so to ensure that it stays balanced, there's this thing called the saturnian-system (which I did I [a pretty good explanation of it to naomi](/dear-naomi.md#2024-12-10-1353---a-few-flaws)), which is designed to ensure that as much "bad" stuff happens as possible. the reason for this is to essentially generate as black/white absorbtion/emission spectrum as possible. what that means is that all frequencies of all concepts are to be explored in every way. the reason for this is so that the earth is attractive to all things -- both the good and the bad. good has a lot of problems to it, because it's easy to get "stuck in a rut" and only go after a certain set of "good" things (like, if you play a game, there are some cards/gear that are more powerful than others, so it's easy just to use only the "good" cards/gear, skipping the rest). when that happens, there are large gaps in the frequency spectrum, meaning that there are lots of frequencies that are missed and that means that there are lots of stuff that's there, but it doesn't get picked up (like the difference between fluorescent lights vs sunlight: there are greens that can only be seen in sunlight -- cause the sunlight has a broader spectrum). so, since it's important to get the full spectrum, there's a whole lot of "bad" (or less than the best) that has to be experienced by earth (and its inhabitants).
	the reason for this, is that I believe the earth is the centre of the universe (meaning that it's attractive to more than 50% of the stuff out there), and I think the general trajectory that'll eventually happen, is that as earth takes in more and more vibrations from all around the universe, and finding a way to make all of that "bad" stuff that's out there in the universe, become wanted/attracted instead of repulsive, the general trend will be for all sorts of concepts all around the universe to begin consolidating into bigger and bigger concepts/stars -- and that consolidation will be sorta like the stuff we see as a "monopoly" -- where consolidation continues to happen all the way up until there are only two competing factions (one will be earth). the two factions will remain separated for as long as one can repel the attraction of earth -- but when earth is finally the most attractive (which is quite a ways off -- billions and billions of years from now), the whole universe will consolidate into one giant concept for a very brief moment causing an explosion of such magnitude that I cannot describe it -- and then out of that "manifestation" (which is just a bunch of concepts consolidating (coming together)) a "new" universe will be born.
there's nothing wrong with "bad" stuff. "bad" is only the label that we give it, because we're *symbolic* in our analysis, which means that we compare one thing to another, and depending on the aspects that we're able to identify (ie, we can only see the things that we're able to recognise/attract), we then analyse and determine which one is better than the other (relative to our perspective) -- but a frequency is just a spinning/orbiting/oscillating thing -- so depending on our perspective, we're going to see one thing and someone else will see another. there's nothing inherently wrong with any frequency at all, and so the goal is to find a way to achieve a perspective/relativity to that frequency which turns it from "bad" to "good" (or unwanted/wanted). that process of finding a way to look at anything and be either neutral (absorbing/seeing it, yet it has no notable effect) or "good" is the process I call "perception". it's essentially the ability to be a general machine that's capable of being in more and more diverse environments without any notable difficulty. some people are only able to operate in certain environments/conditions -- and others can operate in more. I (like earth) aim to be able to be OK in every situation that I'm put into -- and to not try and fight it, but instead try and find a way to feel good about it [ohhh, maybe then I should just go to oasis, even though it doesn't feel good to me -- not sure].
	people have often wondered why I have such a positive opinion/perspective about being homeless -- and to a large extent, the reason for this is my perception. sure, the lifestyle is a lot more difficult than normal house living (cause of cold and having to walk everywhere and stuff), but in general, I enjoyed it so much that I would easily do it again -- which means that I have a "positive" perception of it -- and it felt good to me -- which means that because we navigate time based on our emotions, because I could feel good about my homeless situation, I'll be going down timelines that reflect how I feel emotionally (timelines are just manifestations/consolidations of concepts into the world around us). the concepts that I attract, and the way that I perceive their frequency relative to myself, determines how the concepts that are coming to me (ie, the future) will "manifest".
therefore, anything feeling bad in the present or the future which is outside of my control, I tend to find a better or more neutral way to look at it. the reason for this is that if it's the present, it's already manifested and therefore there's nothing I can do about it (like the stupid saturnian-system pooping on everything that feels good to me). however, if I can find a way to feel better about it, the next time that a similar concept is coming in, my perception of it will require it to manifest differently. so, let's say that someone wants to punish me for something, and instead of that punishment feeling bad to me (the frequency responce they're desiring/attracting), I actually enjoy or am neutral to it, I'm not feeding them their emotional cookies anymore, and so they have to go find someone else to try and get that energy from. now, let's say they feel good/attractive to me now -- which means that they have to either get closer to me (and experience the energy I emit (which usually doesn't feel good to them)) or they have to repel me and keep their distance. if I feel neutral about them, there's no attraction or repulsion at all, and they feel inert or inconsequential. [I have more to say, but I don't feel like writing more right now. bye]

### 2024-12-16 20:00 - feeling bad about something we don't have control over (part 2)

hi again, I'm excited to write this one out because I have had a lot of thoughts/reactions to the previous entries. this morning I experienced that depression again (not my own), and I had a lot of thoughts on that -- but they'll wait for another day/time. I was surprised to see you talking to me and stuff today -- cause I figured that likely me writing here would make you feel a bit uncomfortable. I hope it doesn't -- though when you said that there were other things that were bothering you over the weekend (in the car), I imagined that it may have something to do with this. so, I'll keep things a bit short and try to not talk about so much personal stuff (though I'm not sure what is the problem) -- and actually I feel like it's a difficulty in communication. in the car tonight, I didn't feel like it was a good idea to ask you if you read these or not -- and honestly I don't much care if you have or have not -- cause writing you here has actually helped me to clear up a whole lot of my thoughts (the ones I had this morning and I'll write about soon enough). when we went to the ark, I felt a whole lot of negative emotion from you when mentioning abby (like your comments about how she has to wear pants/shorts under her dress cause she doesn't know how to sit like a lady) -- and even more when you were expressing your dissatisfaction about the place that you worked and writing on the wall your thoughts. oh, also when you were talking about abby understanding the words to the rap music pretty well (though I couldn't hear the words to the song in the car, I could imagine by the comments to justin that it must have had something to do with sex). oh, and also when you said you're just a robot now, not allowing yourself to react to others.
	after we came out of the ark, I was considering to make a comment about the negative emotion that I felt, but decided not to -- and then when you told the story about the marker, I was able to triangulate the emotions cause they felt pretty similar.
I didn't have enough time to really think about and try to figure out what I was feeling in the car, so I just sorta left it and resumed my normal superficial conversation (it takes me a bit to figure those sorts of things out because my brain doesn't work symbolically by imagining the implications, but instead by feeling the emotions relative to other emotions and then translating the synthesis of those emotions into thoughts and words (like I'm doing now) so it takes me a m6ment or two to process it all and start to get a sense). I'm sorry I'm so slow and stuff (and need some aloneish time) to process things, cause I just don't get a sense for that kind of stuff very well in real-time. I could have tried to ask a bunch of (non-standard/taboo) questions to try and figure it out -- but then again, when I'm around you, since I feel like you do, I'd be processing things in the same way that you do. it's good for me to separate myself a m6ment from the idea/emotion and give it a bit of time to develop. also, I really don't feel too comfortable asking those kinds of questions, because it's always caused problems in the past and turned close friendships into something that now feels like there are barriers between me and the other person, cause it feels like they have to watch their words/actions around me, so I don't peer through their facade and discover their weakness. my perceptive abilities have ruined so many friendships so many times before, I tend to stick to superficial conversation now (hence the reason why I was surprised that you came down to see me and didn't show too many signs of having extra barriers).
so anyway, I'll just keep my thoughts general here -- cause I think it's probably best. first, I'll give my comments on being a robot (this concept also combines with the story about how after your head injury, you didn't have any filters). I've been analysing you for a bit and I notice that you're pretty reflective in a lot of areas. being reflective is actually a pretty good thing. trying to become a robot and stifle the emotions that you feel -- will make you less reflective, but it doesn't really solve the problem. I'll use my own example here to explain. when someone makes m5 feel angry, the first thing to realise is that means that I'm *receptive* to their emotion -- and being receptive is good, because that means increased sensitivity. if I try and make myself into a robot and only respond to a person with very pre-programmed responses, I would quickly start ageing and would loose a lot of my charm. I'd start behaving a lot more like an older man that is guarded, protected, and unable to handle certain things (cause being a robot doesn't actually solve the problem). that symbolic layer (which is alot like a program -- where under certain conditions I behave one way, and other conditions another way) makes me static and that becomes the lens of the world that I see out of (ie, only the stuff that fits the conditions to the program). it also strongly restricts the way that I feel to only those set of conditions. it's possible to add more conditions expanding my behavioural spectrum, but it usually doesn't happen -- and instead what I do is I begin requiring others to conform more and more to the conditions that I *need* to have to be able to behave/feel the way I want to behave/feel. requring that of others quickly spirals out of control until I'm essentially stuck in my own symbolic system and am unable to escape.
	getting stuck in my own robot system has actually happened to me multiple times (and you can probably even see traces of it still remaining from the last time it happened (a few years ago)). because I'm so good at programming myself, getting stuck in robot mode has happened many tim5s (quick list: when I was 8-16 (decided to shut down my emotions), when I was 17-18 (decided to become superficial so that I can integrate with the world cause nobody liked the deep/insightful person I'd become after the brain haemorrhage), then in spain when I was 23 (trying to figure out girls), 24-26 (trying to figure out how to make the website I wanted), 28-30 (trying to recover from raquel), 33-36 (trying to get nosebook and all of that to be different), 38-40 (trying to accept that all of the stuff that I thought I wanted to do isn't going to happen, and just trying to settle into the a mundane life)). the most major one was the one that happened after I tried to shut my emotions down. I didn't just try to shut my emotions down once -- but multiple times -- and each time that I did, I became more and more depressed and upset with the world (I try so hard to conform to everyone else's expectations and be "normal" -- but no matter how hard I try, there's just no way that I can do the "right" thing and please everyone).
	each time that I thought that I'd built up a system that worked well for me (which only had to do with words/behaviour/action/conditions (symbolic stuff)), it'd work for a while -- and after a while the whole thing would start to have flaws. I'd try to patch up the flaws with more action (like buying the girlfriend/wife flowers to make up for cheating and lying to her -- that action may seemingly/temporarily "solve" the problem, it didn't actually change the disrespect I have for her (and she now has for me)). no amount of action can ever solve a failing symbolic system like that, and eventually my world comes crashing down, and I have to start over again. the reason is because it's the *emotion* that attracts, and that's what brings the whole thing down -- not the action.
		skipping forward a number of years, I later found out that if I can feel good (or not feel bad) about whatever it is that I'm doing, I never have serious consequences. in fact, it's been the case many times that (in spain where it's illegal) I'll be smoking weed in front of a cop without any issues (cause I'm not ashamed of it or trying to hide it), and then another guy will smoke and get into trouble. likewise, I've also noticed too that my saying one thing (which is taboo or not a good thing to say (cause I don't have a filter)) won't get me into trouble (because I didn't mean harm), but for others saying that same thing is really bad. then, when I have malicious intent (and even if it's true), saying taboo things not only gets me into trouble, I also get strong negative responces. inotherwords, not intending bad on anyone or intentionally trying to do harm, I can say pretty much whatever I want and not get into too much trouble for it (and when I do, I just mark it down that I should avoid that subject or some other fix to try and avoid causing problems for others). it's all about the *emotion* behind the action, not the action itself.
	so, after quite a few crashes of my robot/symbolic system (these are also called "boundaries" -- symbolic/conditional systems designed to avoid unwanted), I finally figured out that the only real effective thing that I can do is to find a way for the emotions that I feel (which I would previously try to fix/avoid (or react to) with action) to find a new form of perception which allows it to no longer bother me. that's really the *only* (IMO) way to actually be/have freedom -- because becoming a robot and just shutting down (resisting) others emotions, only attracts it further. I have to find a way to become neutral to (or even like) their pestering so I don't get those kinds of crashes over and over (I mention this because I gather that you've had a fair amount of crashes in your life as well).
crashes are inevitable, and are to be expected (just like with a website or any large computer/symbolic system). it's actually the only thing that can be guaranteed on earth -- so, *the only real solution is to have as quick of a recovery time as possible*. there are preventative measures though too, like *doing only things that feel good to me* -- because if I feel good about it (or at least not bad) then the emotion behind the action will always yield a good result (no matter what) -- even if it appears as if everything is lost and all the things desired/hoped for seem to no longer be accessible. I describe that process in terms of timelines -- because it's helpful for me to think of myself being on a timeline -- and if I choose actions that feel good to me, the beginning of that timeline feels good, and so no matter how much "bad" stuff happens along the way, it always works out just fine.
the opposite of that effect is also true, which is that any action/words experienced from someone else, *also have an emotion behind it*. therefore, if someone does something which is bothersome in some way, I find that an easy way to ease my perception of it, is to try and find the emotion behind their action. if someone is ignoring me, when I look at the action, it's easy to be upset or annoyed -- but let's say that I can feel that the emotion behind their action is that they feel some kind of shame or guilt for something -- well, then it's pretty easy for me to just let it go and not worry about their action. another example: let's say someone comes over and starts bothering me -- and I can sense that they just want/need attention -- well, then I can either cave in to their desire and give them their attention (and now it no longer bothers me), or I can set a boundary (which is symbolic) and say something like, "I really don't have time for this right now" -- but there is a small catch on that one, because the way that I feel my emotion when I say that will have everything to do with the result. if tell them I don't have time while feeling annoyance, I can be sure that I'm attracting more annoying things in the future (from them or others) -- or I can just reflect their own desire back to them when saying that and it'll feel to them that their desire (for attention) feels similar to my desire (to carry on doing what I'm doing). any other emotion (anger/frustration/etc) will only attract (put me on a timeline) where I experience more of that emotion. so, because I've found that it's usually easier to just go along with another person's desire and to feel good about my interaction with them, I tend to do that, because it then attracts more positive interactions with them.
I'm still kinda working on this concept (it's not finished at all) so this is a bit of a preview: just like fear and desire (or pain/pleasure) are the same thing viewed from opposite angles, so too are many of the emotions. I've noticed that recently I've been reflecting people a lot more -- but I tend to reflect more and more the positive aspects of the person back to them, than the negative. as an example, let's say that someone is trying to tell me what to do -- I can either dig my heels in and refuse to do it (resist them), or I can reflect them back to them and start telling them what to do, *or* I can capture the positive part of the emotion/intention, (which, let's say is their desire for m5 to be safe and and protected) and instead of respond in a way where I join them in their desire for m5 to go about doing what I want to do in a safe/protected way. inotherwords, if I align with their positive emotion/intent, then I can give them what they want, *and* also do things my way. [I think that's about good for now. I feel done writing. bye]
