# dear-mom

### 2024-11-28 18:24 - letting go

hey mom, today is thanksgiving and I started out by telling you that I didn't want to go along with your plan (defy), and you ended by telling me (essentially) "fine, do what you want". though you gave me permission to just do what I wanted, I still felt dissonance. recognising the similarity to that situation and [what I talked about yesterday with patricia](/dear-naomi.md#2024-11-28-0010---evolution-of-desire), I recognised that me talking about how I would take these symbolic people's plans/structures/expectations and destroy them because my feelings are telling me that I should do something different than what's expected of me. I thought for a minute about what I said yesterday about how I was *becoming* the 1st-ray ken that the girls would essentially "own" (what I mean is, that I'm such low resistance and have such little definition/direction of/for myself that I just do whatever they want, kinda like a doll) -- so going by that, I should just follow along with your direction for me, as if I were already one of those ken dolls. so, I projected myself into the future where I just relented my own expectations for today (wanting to write and take two adderalls) just to see how it felt. if I didn't feel anything bad, I was gonna just go along with it. however, when I projected myself into the future, I really didn't feel good about it. it wasn't jaron that I didn't feel good about, but I noticed that I really didn't want to go pull weeds (it had the detail of not wanting to have a conversation with remi) and I didn't really want to be invading greg's space. I felt like I really need to move on from that house and that whole thing. I can go there and feel just fine (like I did on greg's birthday without adderall), but I really didn't like how it felt to be around greg on adderall (it feels like I'll prove his expectations/grievances about me even more rapidly than I already do now, which is still pretty fast). so, I knew that I didn't want to go. if you insisted, I would go, but it didn't feel like a future that I wanted to do. I didn't know how to explain all of that to you, and I could feel a little bit of sadness from jaron that I wasn't going to show up, so I decided I'd go talk to you a little bit more and see what it is that's really behind it.
we had a lengthy conversation that I'd resume into the concept that you're tired of trying really hard to make things a way for someone, and that makes you feel unappreciated and last priority (ie, when is it time for deborah to get someone to try and make her life nice, like she's done for so many others). I took in a lot of concepts and information and didn't really try to solve any problems for you -- which was pretty good. the conversation ended around the time that I tried to summarise the trajectory of what'll happen if things keep going the way they're going -- that I'll go back to being homeless or go to oakshire, and you'll go back to the carefree house.
	come to think of it, I'm not sure actually if such a depressing realisation is what caused the conversation to end, but I felt that I didn't want to try and push to end it on a positive note, or to try and lift you up or build you up in any way -- cause it just felt like something that you couldn't accept. earlier on in the cOnversation you said that you're learning to be happy/content no matter the situation -- and I acknowledged that I had noticed that you've gotten a lot better at that. I was going to continue on and tell you that I also noticed that more and more you're not needing m5 to be or do things a certain way, and as a result I've been having more success being able to help you out and stuff (like putting away dinner or dishes), but telling you that felt bad to me with the detail that it felt like I would reopen the wound of earlier when I told you I didn't want to go to thanksgiving and instead do my own thing.
the conversation ended with you essentially reflecting me (but with an extra amount of time and conditions) saying that you want to start doing things your own way and stuff instead of having to meet others' expectations (of what you should do). I agreed, and that's what I want for you too.
when you came home, I was in the middle of writing the [focus and attraction section of msc](../plastic-kenny/mothership-connection/outline.md#focus--attraction) and I wanted to finish that up before I talked to you, because I could feel quite a bit of dissonance in your disposition. I tried to talk to you about it, offering suggestions as to what I think would be best to try and get you to feel better. you neither wanted to talk about exactly what it was that went wrong (though I can imagine that for "thanksgiving", it was just a laundry list of problems and failed expectations, instead of having a good time (cause that's what would follow with the vibration of the previous events)). I really wanted to help you -- but you were not wanting anything of it. it felt like you'd completely given up, and so you're just gonna watch TV and let it all go to hell.
I took a walk because I wanted to clear my head of the way you felt and the dissonance that I experienced when trying to "help" you. though I intended to clear my mind of you and the situation and start to think about something else, I didn't. the first thing I noticed is that m/ efforts to try and help you were again a reflection of you. I can only imagine that over at the carefree house, there was likely some kind of problem and you were trying to help them, but instead of them taking your help, they just "spit it back in your face".
after realising that my being helpful was a sort of reflection of you, I lowered my resistance to it -- and (unfortunately now I can't remember the sequence of events so let's say that) simultaneously to lowering my resistance to helping you, I also made strong realisation that I have to just let you do you. I suppose I have some pretty negative expectations on the situation, because it really feels strongly to me (and it feels like you feel the same way even if you can't allow yourself to admit it) that if you have to go back to the carefree house, things will just deteriorate really quickly and you'll end up with no option left (cause there's no money coming in and you're unable to work and stuff) -- and probably having to have greg take care of you (it seems like that's your fear -- and it keeps inching in closer and closer, seemingly unable to avoid it anymore). so while it feels like I commiserate with you on your fear of that thing happening, I really need to no longer push out my negative expectations of that future like that. I've been seeing you make a lot of changes and lower your own resistance and stuff too, so I'm actually not 100% sure that's what'll happen, anyway.
	I actually want to pause a moment before going back to the two things I was saying earlier, because all at the same time as letting go of my expectations for your future, my resistance to want to help you, I also had this flash pop into my head about dementia. lately I've been learning a whole lot about how we push out our beliefs into the world about how things should go, and as I've been letting a whole lot of my own beliefs go -- and it's been causing an effect that I can only imagine is very similar to dementia. dementia is essentially the same as lowering resistance -- but it's a broader stroke brush, meaning that it broadly gets rid of beliefs, to allow the person the capacity to be able to continue to function. it looks to me like there are three major options that a person gets as they get older: as the concepts that they've acquired through experience spin around in their brain, they activate neurons that cause us to behave and think in certain ways. it's impossible to get rid of those experiences, because those experiences/conceepts were attracted and get stuck to the consciousness. they can be ejected out by sending them out in the area around the consciousness, but if the attraction never changes, they'll just come back (usually having multiplied) -- and those experiences will either cause physical pain (cause of the way that concepts/protons are converted into energy that the cells use) or they'll cause emotional pain (because if their vibration interacts with other concepts in the consciousness in a dissonant way, it'll cause a loosening of the core conceptual structure of the consciousness, which is essentially what emotions are) -- and so I believe that dementia is a *choosen* disease; people choose to start losing their beliefs, memory, and attention span in order to avoid physical and emotional pain. by being oblivious (ie not having neurons that activate on those dissonant frequencies anymore) to the dissonance that theier experience has given them, they have a much nicer time in their physical bodies. I can't imagine what it'd be like to be a person whos emotional reaction to their beliefs are so painful to experience that they feel they have to keep them in -- yet, if they want to be able to express theirself still, they have to find a way of removing those beliefs. so in a sense, a person with dementia feels to me like a person that still has things they want to *do/say/express* (output), but their own beliefs which prevent them from presenting theirself as hurt or as someone misbehaving, causes them (rather I should say they choose) to get dementia to be able to forget about the stuff that causes them to behave inproperly, allowing them to continue to express theirselves even in their dissonance.
	the thing about releasing resistance to stuff is that it's kinda the same thing as dementia because no longer do concepts/things/experiences have to be defined or behave a certain way, that those neuronal reactions are no longer activated when those concepts are presented to the consciousness. so, releasing resistance is sorta like a loss of the symbolic/defined experience, and a move to a conceptual one -- where the concept of something replaces memory, and the concept is always going to be interpretted in a slightly different way (depending on mood and environment and stuff). lowering resistance (or dementia) makes a person (in this ultra-defined world) feel like they're losing their mind if they need things to be static and stable -- always the same thing. allowing them to become something else (other than what we believe and have defined them to be) is quite a loss. it's part of the ageing process, because the absolute/definite universe is only the starting point -- and after that everything becomes relative, one thing to another -- with nothing definite and no real anchors or constants that are able to be relied upon anymore -- floating in space (or flying), with nothing else cept my resonance/relativity to something else.
I really don't know what'll happen to you if I just let you go and no longer try and help you out, relasing all of my expectations of what your future will be like; I have to be able to just let you fail at it and figure it out for yourself -- not really trying to get in there and help you in any way -- which is really weird because around the same time, I was also thinking about asking you if I could just be a reflection of you and try to figure out a way to get you into a facility.
as in, I'll just do all the calling around seeing what's available and what are the options kinda like you did for me. it seemed like something that I really wanted to do (in the moment when I was walking -- we'll see later), cause I really feel like I could just figure out how to make it happen. it doesn't feel to me like I'm trying to save you in any way (I'm just reflecting what you did for me back to you), and it doesn't seem like it'd be all that hard at all. it would require you to kinda just let go of your expectations and stuff about the things that you want to do (like having fun or traveling or whatever) though, because I dunno what the rules are of assisted living facilities or whatever, but it'd probably be the end of all of that.
however, if all of that sounds kinda bad (including giving up), I don't really know what to tell you. I have ideas and stuff on how to use emotion to continue on -- but most people don't want to live in an emotional conceptual world. it's starting to happen pretty quickly though where attraction speed is speeding up and we're starting to live more and more the reality that conforms to our concepts. there are a lot of venusian and other symbolic people out there that are having to get their beliefs and world around them setup in a way that works for them, because without it, attraction speed is starting to increase too fast. those are all the 2nd-rays cause they're like the main-sequence-stars that all have a different symbolic world that they want to live in that's different than the ultra-attractive world of the galactic centre -- so they create boundaries and separation to the galactic centre by vibrating in a different/dissonant way which keeps them separate from the black-hole at the galactic centre. the thing is, I don't really feel you as strong enough in your symbolic output to be able to keep that kind of separation. inotherwords, if your expectation (ie, symbolic output) is negative, you're not pushing against (resisting) the unwanted/negative stuff strong enough anymore (you're exhausted you said), so without the ability to push against it, (like a star) you'll start heading to the galactic centre, on your way back to your source. just release resistance and just let go, so that it's as quick and painless as possible.
