# dear-stacy

### 2024-11-13 18:23 - attraction and earth girls

the other day we were talking about how difficult it is for us to talk to girls who we feel strong attraction to. in those cases you said that your words wouldn't come out right, and I notice the same thing too, but my difficulty is extended to the movement of the left side of m/ body and everything.
	my theory on what's happening there is that the girls that we feel strong attraction to are likely XX "earth girls" as I like to call them. sometimes they're others, but since everyone has an X chromosome, to some extent, they're all "earth girls". anyway, when strong attraction is *felt*, I interpret this as conceptual similarity -- meaning that we have a similar form of perception. I told you that the reason why I'm able to talk to you is because I feel zero (or negligible) attraction to you, which is a good thing. what I'm essentially saying there is that you see/perceive the world in such a different way than I do, I don't at all feel that attraction that I normally feel with people who have a more similar form of perception as you do.
		to explain this concept, imagine the X chromosome as a sort of highly attractive "black-hole", it's a part of the cell which is desiring to recieve *all* information that it can pick up -- but the thing is, the cell doesn't actually want to receive *everything*, so around it there are these structures that are there to keep away and transform some of the signals/electrons that it recives before they reach the chromosome.
			I picture it like this big vibrating/pulsating black X, with all of these structures which look kinda like scaffolding (rods and planks) built up on top of it. below the structures is this very black surface that pulsates, expanding and contracting, and the surface looks kinda like a black liquid with strange curves and shiny points on it (maybe like it's built up of many tiny black cubes); the curves move like waves and have shiny edges to the curves, sorta like how the surface of the sun looks. 
		the structures are the symbolic protection that is built up. I visualise these things as these spinning and oscillating metal-like structures which are designed to intercept and block incoming particles/electrons? that are coming toward it, deflecting them at times -- or sending them down a series of halls and structures (ever played the game "descent"?) where those particles, bouncing down those structures will have their frequency adjusted as they encounter different things inside the structure (sorta bouncing a ball down a narrowing tube will cause the ball to bounce faster and faster). that whole structure is sorta like the shield system to protect the cell. it's very similar to the way our brain works where upon receiving data about something, our brains filter and categorise that data in a similar way as the data bounces down a whole bunch of neurons, transforming and removing unnecessary data before it receives the consciousness part of the brain. that filtering and transformation part, I'll call "the symbolic system" because it's a logical structure which is designed to identify certain frequencies and things, and to slow down (or speed up) the vibration to frequency range which is noticeable by the consciousness (which is why sometimes some notifications come through, and other times they don't -- because your brain is in a different frequency than the notification).
	anyway, for whatever reason, I'm constantly prevented from being around people that have too similar of perception to me, and your form of percption is different enough from my own (ie, your symbolic system of transforming input data) is very different than mine is. what I mean by that, is that if we both look at the same event or something, we'll see two very different things. this is extremely common for me now, because I see things in terms of attraction, where to me the things that "come at/toward" a person are all attracted. apparently we share a lot of the same attraction to a lot of things, because we get along in a lot of ways -- but the way that we process it is very different. the X chromosome (since when you're conceived, it starts out with and each time that one of those particles intersect with it (ie when it's exposed to that kind of data), its attraction of those frequencies will continue to increase) and also the symbolic system of the brain (though they're different systems, there's a m5chansim that keeps them roughly in sync with each other) are designed to only allow and transform data into the system in the way that you perceive the world (ie, how we feel (the vibration) about the transformed input data) causes all cells to receive the transformed signal and react to it (ie, create more chemicals, build a new thing, copy/edit/reproduce something, etc). the likelyhood that I'm prevented from being around too many others which have a similar symbolic system to me, is because our output frequencies would likely amplify instead of cancel each other out (ie, if we both experience the same thing, and our symbolic systems both transform to frequencies that are cause us to feel good about it, then those frequencies will add together causing both of us to feel better -- instead of the opposite where you see one thing and it causes you to feel bad, and I feel good, so be both feel mixed (good and bad) feelings at the same time about the same experience).
	therefore, what's happening (I'll say it from my perspective), is when I feel attraction to another girl, what's attractive about her is that I feel strong resonace with her on what's attractive to both of us; we both find similar things attractive, and so cOnceptually we've got a similar attraction/absorbtion spectrum going on. however, inevitably the way that she processes that what she attracts (ie her symbolic system) is going to be significantly different to my own -- which then means that we're going process that attraction diffrently from each other -- yet (again, my perspective), I'm pretty reflective, which means that the vibration of someone else's symbolic system strongly affects how I feel, which means that when I'm around other people, I then process input in a very similar way to how they do (ie, I receive their tranformed input as well as my own) -- and that creates quite a bit of a conflict, because I haven't lowered my resistance to the way that the other person processes the input -- which means that if they have any insecurities or whatever, I'll feel those frequencies as well -- which means that I have to find a way of feeling good about not only the way that I process the information, but also the way that they process the information, or else I'm doomed to feel the way they do. I notice that often times the opposite thing also takes place -- where let's say that there's some input which would normally cause someone else to feel embarrassment, yet I don't transform that input into embarrassment but something else, like nop (no action/problem) then, a person who would normally feel embarrassment given that input will both feel embarrassment (their own transformation) and also nop (my transformation) at the same time -- and I've noticed depending on the situation, the way that I feel (especially if it's strong) can dramatically override the way that they feel -- so let's say they feel strong nop in that situation, and it works out -- but if it happens again when I'm not around, they probably won't feel the nop at all, and (for reasons I'm not sure why) when their system resolves to embarrassment (or whatever), the intensity is stronger than normal. I'm not sure why that is, but I think that each time that that a transformation goes through the system and produces a positive or (no problem) result, the system automatically flags that as good/acceptable data, and so therefore increases attraction to it.
	so a long time ago, when I would be around attractive people and feel considerable difficulty in operating m/ body normally, I was dealing with a lot of my own difficulties -- because for example, let's say that we've both got a lot of similarities in concepts like confidence and things like that -- but for me confidence is a state of mind (ie, how I feel) -- yet let's say for her confidence is identified through appearance and posture -- then, we're both similar on the cOncept, but the implementation is way different. then, when she looks at me, and I don't have a cOnfident posture yet I'm feeling pretty confident -- or like (in my case) they'd look at me and perceive me in the discoteca as being very confident and stuff -- which I could feel -- but in the disco, I was feeling extremely unconfident, because I really didn't know how to act, speak the language or interface with these people that are totally in their element. I only looked confident to them because I learned how to (like I do when walking), turn off a whole lot of my sensory input cause otherwise I'd be overloaded, and just go off to thinking and feeling something that I wanted to feel (ie, the website I'm programming or watching people, and my confidence that I could read/feel them). so they're interpretting my posture and appearance as being confident, yet I given the same exact input do not at all feel confident -- and I'm basically hiding away from all of that stimulus by being in my own world. so then when they would talk to me, I'd get pulled out of my zone and now I'd start to feel all sorts of diffrent vibrations of insecurity and stuff. especially back then, I noticed that a lot of guys felt extreme insecurity when at the discotecas, but their symbolic system transforms their feeling of insecurity into a pre-defined set of behaviours that would produce the illusion that they're actually secure and confident -- when what they're feeling is insecurity. additinally, I noticed that a lot of girls would show up to the discos with heaps of insecurity, but looking nice -- hoping that some (secure/confident looking) guy could show up and make her feel secure about herself -- but again, I feel like she does (insecure) cause I don't have that emissive symbolic system where I can create illusions, so unfortunately when she gets around me, we just feel insecure together.
I haven't figured out yet, what it is that produces the emissive system, because mine is reflective, like a woman's is -- but some men can just create a symbolic system where it just outputs a sort of image and feeling, which gives those around them a sense of his identity. their identity is wrapped up in that illusion, and it's constructed the way they want it to look and feel. my system operates as a reflection -- which means that I'm taking in input data (both physical/sensory and emotional/conceptual) from those all around me all the time, and I transform that data into the way I want it to be.
	it's an ongoing process of transforming any and every input data into a way that I want to feel, because there are infinitely many different possibilities of different data I can receive from others -- and then depending on how I transform that information is how I appear to others -- and depending on my environment, it can change quite dramatically and quite rapidly as well (ie, as fast as the environment changes, I will change, being a transformed reflection of it -- cause I've got less and less resistance that holds me to any single vibration now). as time continues on, I'll be able to transform faster and faster between states cause I have less and less resistance -- and as I encounter more and more different vibrations, I'll become more and more generic in transforming that into how I want to feel.

so lately, I've noticed that I've been enjoying more and more our conversations so much, that I want to go and hang around you. another pattern in my life I've noticed too, is that when something goes to something I really like or crave, then usually it gets taken away from me, or I'm moved to a new location where that's no longer possible. well, again, in the situation where since a few days ago, I noticed that I really started to *want* to hang out with you (and seemingly so) you also wanted to hang out with me, I had this sense that it's the beginning of the end of our relationship. normally girls don't last too long in my life because I tend to manifest their fears into their reality at ever-increasing speeds (probably from the mechanism that I described above -- cause I attract the thing they fear, but around me they can feel a nop, so then their brain flags that attraction as good and attracts it more and more.
	I think it's cause I'm attractive to the thing, and they like me, and since I (and they in the moment) can feel good about that thing, then they'll want to attract it more. something that is (in one perspective) perceived as something fearful, is in another perspective/feeling (state of mind) something that's desired -- so something that for me is quite desirable, is for a lot of other people quite a fearful thing. for example, for me the knowledge that others are able to know what I'm thinking and experience what I experience is a really awful and fearful thing to have happen to them -- but for me I quite like the idea that I can share my reality with others. so, using that example, I attract a lot of gossip and people talking behind my back about me. I like it, yet for others, as they're around me, I often notice that they gain a sort of paranoia that others are opining about their behaviour behind their backs. sorry I boost the attraction of that kind of thing for others. it's not my fault that I like that kind of thing. so, to combat the influence of my attraction on them, they need to come up with ways to ensure that others don't know their secrets, and are prevented from talking about anther person's behaviour (ie, tattle-tales are frowned down upon and made to look bad). obviously, making protections to try and fight against something only focuses and increases attraction to it more (cause your symbolic system is now looking out for and focusing on things that are similar in feeling to that thing that's the problem, cause something needs to be done about it, thereby because the structures are vibrating at those frequencies, they're also attracting them more). the only way to decrease attraction to something is to no longer notice it, as if it's not a problem -- but then, obviously no longer noticing it means that there's no more shield anymore against it, so the only solution is to have systems in place where when those things/impacts happen they're easily recovered from (ie, nop).
nop just means "no action" or "no problem" -- because it's not a significant enough of a thing to be worried about. inotherwords, it's like dust going into the nose (yes technically not oxygen or other acceptable particles), but it's not such a big deal that the lungs can't recover from dust going into the nose. there's no reason to try and push away the dust, just let it enter right along with the rest of the air, and it'll get sorted out without a problem. it's not a big enough of a deal to try and push it away. in fact, I'm pretty certain that there are even bits of the respitory system that are attractive to dust particles, specifically attracting them, designed to filter out those from the input air. therefore, instead of trying to push dust away, just let it come in, and attract the dust particles into specially designed parts of the respitory system that are designed to process dust and turn them into something else (dust is mostly carbon anyway). 
