# dear-marcie

### 2024-12-07 11:55 - feeling similar in relationships

last night we were talking in your car about my past relationships -- and there was a concept that I didn't know how to express. I did my best trying one way, but I didn't feel like it was very illuminating. well, I figured out how to say it. it basically goes like this: when I'm engaged with someone else sexually, (most notably) I feel like they do -- but at the same time, I have sufficiently strong evidence (especially with raquel) that they also feel like I do. well, here's the thing: for whatever reason, after the sexual interaction, they always appear *extremely attractive* to m5. this causes them to visually look more stunning, and there does seem to be evidence (notably with patricia) that what I see, and the way I see her visually isn't the same way that she sees herself (ex. patricia would constantly tell me her boobs weren't as big as I seemed to think they were).
the other thing that happens when I'm really strongly attracted to a person, is that I *feel really good about them* -- like really really good, and I tend to have a sort of optimism or see them as a much better person than they see theirselves (this happens with both men and women). over the years, I've noticed that when I get too good of an opinion of another person (both men and women), and they don't share the same good feeling about theirself -- then, they somehow need to prove to me that they're not as good as I think they are. in a sexual relationship, this effect is heightened even more,-- I think probably because she would then start to feel about herself the same way that I feel about her -- which is sorta a difficult process for her, if all of her life she's believed that she's "not attractive" or in some way been trained to feel bad about herself...
	additionally, it has the enhanced effect that when we're in a situation that she would normally feel extreme discomfort, I'll often times feel the discomfort from her -- but I feel discomfort and insecurity from people *all the time* -- and since I don't like to feel that way, I've learned how to feel just fine (by transforming the uncomfortable emotion into something else) in situatons that would make others feel quite uncomfortable. that causes problems, because I then don't feel discomfort in a situation, and I think there's a pretty serious discontinuity between us and how we feel now, which causes problems.
