# dear-justin

### 2024-11-01 20:11 - on gender and sexual attraction

I've never had to formulate these thoughts into words and understandable concepts before. for context, I should give a brief sexual history: I grew up in a church where nearly everything pleasurable was prohibited -- and the way that my mother is/was (was more than is), anything that made a person feel good which didn't come from God, was a work of the devil and would be against God's desire for his children. very very early on (maybe 7yo), I liked a girl, but my brother also liked her too, and I'm such a non-competitive person, I'm just like, "yeah dude, she's all yours" and backed away from the thing. later on (maybe 11yo) I also liked a girl and I didn't really know what to do about it. it was obvious that I liked her and mom confronted me on it, and basically told me, "OK, but you're way too young and that's not acceptable" -- so I kinda grew up just figuring that anything love related would be something that I would experience later on in my life once I was an adult (in that church there was to be no childhood love interests).
then, like I told you, in middle school I was very strong and smart but I thought that I could solve problems with physical effort. (now that I think about it I didn't realise it was the same guy) the guy that I knocked the wind out of in elementary school (4th grade I think) and then took him to the nurse's office, I later on pushed off the top of the stairs cause he was making fun of me. they wanted to suspend me, and mom knew that I was much smarter than that (I'd just completed geometry in summer school previously), and combined with the fact that they wanted to put me into pre-algebra (something I already knew cause I could perform mathematical calculations (visually) in my mind), caused her to help me to take the california proficiency exam (equiv of high-school diploma) and go to cal state LA instead of going to 7th grade. at uni, I took electronics classes, and in there there were basically only old dudes (40yo+), so I was never around girls in a secular setting (only at gymnastics classes, and sometimes at home-school meetups). other than that, there were tons of girls at church, but because of my church upbringing (they were all off-limits until I'm an adult, cause pre-marital sex was a huge nono) and my friend chris, I pretty much passed on girls entirely. I had the brain haemorrhage when I was 16, and relearning to walk and be a functional human being took top priority, so I never even considered having a girlfriend. I also stopped going to uni, and instead started a technical college when I was 17. there weren't really girls there at all (I only remember 2 and I wasn't terribly attracted to either). so, again, I hung out with 40yo+ dudes and learned programming. I got really good at that and started working on a social network in LA, which eventually lead one of the guys to take me to spain to make a social network there.
in spain, I was totally out of my element. it's totally full of macho dudes that are all into grabbing these girls and buying them drinks and stuff -- a form of behaviour that I didn't want to do (I'm a very passive person, only really liking the girls that come up to me and engaging to me). I was very very smart and I saw myself as essentially "the catch of the millenium" -- a person that I figured, if the girl could just see me for who I am and all of the skills and capacities that I have, they'd *should* be scrambling to try and get me -- and I felt very very uncomfortable trying to go after a girl -- when, obviously I'm the one she should be going after. the spanish dudes saw me as timid or something, because after watching me fail at "closing the deal" with countless women one party weekend in marbella (you have to understand here that the way that we were "marketing" our social network is to get lots and lots of really hot girls on the website and have them to get the guys to come in and try to get them) -- so here I am, a total loser incapable with girls who's out with them in the discos, and I should be this alpha dude that behaves (in their perception) in accordance with my ego (ie, anyone that has that high of an opinion of theirself is litterally grabbing women and telling them to come home with them (and they'd do it too)) -- but I just couldn't do it. I kept waiting for this mythical girl that would come and see m5 for who I am, sweep me off my feet and take me home. in the spanish culture that's not really what happens though, so they would spend lots of time trying to teach me how to be the aggressor/hunter, going after the meat that I wanted to have.
a long story short, I spent many a drunk night trying to figure out how to become the hunter not the prey, but I really have this problem, which is that no matter what I did, I couldn't hide my intentions. if I tried to go after them, they knew I was going after them, and if I didn't go after them, they liked me, but didn't go after me. it was a complete stalemate, and the only way that I could improve on the situation would be to learn how to disguise my intentions -- but I just couldn't ever figure out how to do it (I'm too stright-forward and they wanted someone that wouldn't say or notice the obvious (as in, "oh surprise, I didn't know I'd end up with this guy cause he's totally swept me off my feet with his amazing body/words and the way he convinced/lured me into his sexual trap (at which point, like a deer in headlights they'd accept their sexual fate of having been trapped/hunted by him))). I just could never figure it out.
my first experiences were forced on me (they said, "we're not leaving until you go in") with prostitutes. on hindsight, I'm actually glad it turned out that way because if there was any hope for a relationship, I would have latched on to her immediately. I remember on the drive home thinking just how amazing she was and all these great things (even though I didn't really enjoy the actual physical act, feeling only minor rubbing and irritation, and no real pleasure that I can remember). mostly I wanted to talk and find a girl that could share a completely clear communication relationship with me (as if we were "one flesh" as taught by paul, and desired by my mother of my father). I never found such a woman -- ever. there have been zero women that wanted to have zero secrets, shared everything, and a completely in-sync relationship with me (where we operated as if we were one mind and body).
I met a girl in the canary islands, but she didn't want to be that close to me (also, I think she was lesbian, and I was kind of an embarassment to her because she *should* be hooking up with girls, not with a guy -- so she never wanted to go to any public place, and tried to stay away from places where we'd be seen together). that obviousn't wasn't going to work, so I had to let her go. a met another in berlin, but she wanted to organise my life for me, and unfortunately by that time I'd given up on the idea of "one flesh" too, cause even though she wanted me to start doing all of the things to begin living the rest of her life with me (like learning german and stuff), at the same time she wanted to maintain a strictly professsional relationship with me -- and neither was she interested in merging her mind with mine, so that we could operate well together. she was very calculated, and I'm very emotional/conceptual. unfortunately I knew it could never work so I let her go too. later that evening, a receptionist I met in barcelona invited me to her house, so I left the berlin thing behind and went off to barcelona to be with a girl that finally wanted to be with me (ie, I didn't have to ask to be with her, and she instead wanted to be with me). while we lived in separate locations, it was really great and stuff, but as soon as I started to merge with her consciousness so that we could be "one flesh", things started to fall apart. I eventually had to let her go too. it's unfortunate though because during sex, I could feel her body as if it were my own, and I started to experience her thoughts as if they were my own, which means that her thoughts would have to update and improve in the same ways that I'd updated and improved on my own thoughts -- but in reality, I was starting to take over her autonomy wanting her to do things as if she were me. I was violating her individuality.
I eventually realized that it's just not possible for me to actually merge with another person in that way (as if I had 2 or more bodies all in which I/we, all thinking in harmony, control the way that I control my body (intuitively/conceptually)). so, since I realisation that I can't assimilate other people into my own consciousness (as if we were "one flesh"), I had to "radically accept the reality" that the only person that I can affect is myself. therefore, since it's just not possible to get what I wanted, I'd have to find a way to become fully accepting and enjoying of living in my own body/reality, not needing something/someone else outside of me to behave/be/do/have what I want them to have.

now, when it comes to gender, it's common to think that females are the receptive half of the population,-- but not all of them are receptive energetically. I'm far more feminine (in the energetically receptive sense) than the majority of them -- however, I fully identify and and fully enjoying being in a masculine body. I really like the way I am, and I wouldn't trade places with anyone else for any other reason (not even unlimited money or any other perks). there's nothing that would ever want me to be anyone or anything other than myself. I really have an insanely inflated opinion of myself. I sorta look down even on so many of the other posers out there that are pretending to like theirselves, but in reality, they're out there looking for things outside of theirself to fill in for what they're missing (like I used to be/do). I would *never* want to go back to that way of thinking. so, as a highly receptive person, I would identify myself as neither male or female, but as *receptive*.
when it comes to sexuality (as mentioned above), it's just not possible for me to try and force someone else to have such a high opinion of theirself, or to actually like theirselves that much (ie, be as attractive as I am) -- so, it seems obvious now (on hindsight) that I have to be receptive and just wait for others to merge with me, not the other way around. I'm not going to try and force anything on anyone. I'll be around a while, and I'll wait. it's worth the wait (from my perspective). therfore, to put a label on it, I'd be considered "asexual" or basically not at all attracted to what's out there now.

### 2024-11-02 13:16 - automony and gender
### 2024-11-02 14:00 - sexual attraction vs physical attraction

for me the difference betwen sexual attraction and physical attraction is significant. when I say physical attraction, I mean that when I look at them (or, I can feel a sort of glow coming off of their body) they feel to me quite pleasant, and I feel like I want to be closer to them, touch them, or listen to what they're saying. it's quite common for me to feel that, however obviously most dudes don't like me touching them or desiring to interact and listen to them (historically; less nowadays), so I don't really do it that much. I try to maintain healthy boundaries and distances with men and boys for that reason. because touch from another person is so intense for me (I really get a strong shock of how they feel when I touch them, moreso than when I'm just nearby to them), that touching another person often times results in me losing the way that I feel about myself, because now I feel about myself in a way more similar to how they feel to me.
	the way that another person feels about me seems to be related to how they feel about theirself (because I'm reflective). so, if the other person likes theirself, I tend to like them, which means that now that I like them, they're supposed to reciprocate that feeling, -- but I appear/feel to them as similar to the way they feel about theirself. when someone actually likes theirself in a certain setting or around some kinds of people, we feel strong connection with each other, and it feels like we were meant to be together. however, change the situation or the people we're around and their comfort with theirself can change, which then changes their perception of me (like if a new friend joins the group or we go to a different location or something).
all of that is physical attraction, and to me the person literally appears as very very beautiful in my eyes, and very attractive (ie, I want to be around them). sexual attraction is quite different though, and started when I began puberty (around 11yo is when I first started to experience it), and the sensation would be a strong sense or feeling (sorta like when I'm angry) to want to find a way to put myself inside of the other person. in spain, watching a lot of other guys, it seems to m5 that the sensation to forcibly put myself inside of someone has something to do with wanting them to behave or do something to make me feel good. the desire to sexually force someone to be a certain way also seems to have something to do with societal positioning (like the reinforcement that I'm a super awesome dude and that she's a whore, or just a means for me to feel good). that sensation feels like a strong "thrusting feeling" around the hips and groin area where I feel like that movement can make things go my way. unfortunately (cept for a few exceptions when my ex wasn't behaving the way that I wanted her to), I didn't really experience that feeling toward women at all. when I was sexually interested in a person, there was a similar feeling thing, where I would experience this feeling that we could somehow share and become one together.
	there's definitely a lot of overlap between "putting someone in their place" sexually, and the desire to want to get my partner to be in symbiotic partnership with me, because unless they're willing to take on that position, it's quite a forceful thing. I personally don't really like the feeling of forcing someone to do something, and it seems to me that everyone that I've been with is either clueless of the energetic interaction (of our frequencies/emotions/bodies becoming in-sync) -- or they just didn't want to actually be a part of what was happening. either way, the whole sexual experience is a terrifying and forceful experience where both of us lose our default self (of who we think we are) and start to become one energetically.
therefore, I will define sexual attraction (for me) as the desire to become energetically one with another person, and physical attraction as just seeing the other person as beautiful, with a strong sense that I want to be physically close to them.

#### 2024-11-02 15:11 - seeing myself inside of you

as a followup to the previous discussion on sexual attraction, I'd like to point out a transition that I've noticed in myself over time. as I mentioned, when I was younger, I would often times feel a strong sense of sexual desire to put myself inside of someone -- and as I said, I believe this has to do with more of the emitter's perspective where I want to put some kind of (my own) energy inside of another person, often times to prove or to make it known that that energy is true or correct (ie, I have something to prove). however, over the years as I've embraced my energetic receptivity and radical acceptance of reality (instead of trying to make everyone else the way I want them to be), I've really lost all of that sexual desire. I don't really know where it's gone, but I haven't experienced even once in at least 6 months, and in the last year only very few times.
what I believe has happened, is that I've transitioned from the physical perspective of thinking that I want/need to put my penis inside of someone (and prove myself that way) as a way to feel good about myself; I now have shifted my perspective to a more conceptual one:-- where now I literally "see myself in everyone" that I meet. I look at a person and I feel strong connection with them because I recognise aspects of myself in them (at varying stages), and that recognition of myself, makes me really like them a lot -- because that aspect of me (at whatever stage it's in) is also an an aspect of me that I like. I like that aspect of me and I like what it's turned out to be, so I like them too. so, seeing myself in others like that has dramatically increased the amount of physical attraction that I feel from others.

### 2024-11-02 15:28 - autonomy and sexuality

I have been asked in the past if I'm the borg, and though I don't remember how I replied, I would say at this point that we do have quite a few similarities. however (disclosure: I've never seen star trek), I don't forcibly assimilate anyone. I'm a super sponge that just loves to experience many things and have massive amounts of data pass through my perception -- nothing more. though I really would like to have more than one body in the future, it's likely that I'll create the bodies for myself, as I have no intention of forcing anyone to convert to my form of consciousness. as I mentioned in previous discussions, the entire subject of sex is (for me at least), the fastest way for two people to harmonise their energies. with my past partners, I had a very sudden change of my reality, where I no longer experience my reality the way that I used to, and instead start to see and experience it in a similar way to how they experience it. I've never fully lost myself in the experience, so I've always been able to find my way back to experiencing things in a somewhat similar way to the way I used to experience it again. all of those sexual experiences happened when I was very much less receptive than I am now -- so if I were to have sex now, I'd become a completely different person overnight -- and that person would be so similar to the person I'm with, we'd probably be pretty inseparable. obviously, they wouldn't be able to be around me forever, and so all of my energy that they gained would act like a huge energetic void that they need to find again. the same thing happens to me, and I feel as if I don't keep having their energetic input "to make me (energetically) complete", so I keep needing their energy. I become dependent on them as they're the source of that energy that I'm missing. after the relationships that I mentioned previously, in each of the cases where I'd acquired their energy, after they were gone, the void that it left caused me to have to find that energy for my own self, and be the source of that energy for myself. so, in a lot of ways, they've caused me to become more and more autonomous, becoming the source of my own energy.
I used to think that I wanted to try and merge with other people, but there are significant resistances to the idea. the first one is gender. I've never found a dude that wants to actually merge with me -- and I think a lot of it has to do with the fact that most men have a self-definition that they need to prove to theirself and to others. if they were to merge with me, their self-definition would no longer be the same (it'd be my definition of myself, not theirs), and so merging with me would be something like losing their self (identity). I've noticed that women tend to not want to merge with me either, as they too are starting to define theirselves as well (though in a bit of a different way than men do), and so it seems that's a bit less of a possiblity as well. it seems to me like I've experienced desire for girls to merge with my consciousness, but it's not likely that was actually what they want -- just that's the way that society teaches girls to be: find the quality that you want for yourself in a man, and then find a way of acquiring that quality from him sexually. also, like I said, I've lost a lot (all?) of my sexual desire, and I just don't really want to feel like other people too much anymore. in one form of thinking, I should go on a sexual bender and try to acquire as much of others energy as possible, that way I have to find a way of recreating the energetic void that they leave behind the way that I want to create it -- but like I said, I just don't really feel that kind of desire anymore. I already see myself in them conceptually, so what I'm looking for are foreign concepts and feelings that I haven't experienced before -- which limits me to having sex only the most experienced. however, the problem with me going and getting that kind of conceptual input, is that I'd become even more of the borg to people than I already am. I actually believe that the reason why I'm in the situation that I'm in, is because I assimilated so much of other people's energy from the prostitutes, and then (instead of crashing and burning or becoming an emitter), I figured out how to recreate that energy in my own way. so, if I were to assimilate a whole bunch more energy, I'd have even more resonance with others than I already do now.
also, it's a bit impractical to try and have sex with so many experienced people, and also I don't really want to force my energy on to other people in that way (I want their energy to make the void so I can recreate their energy my own way, and I fully understand that they may not want my energy). though by acquiring their energy, I'll become resonant with them, so I'll become even more attractive than I already am. so, right now what I'm doing about it is literally nothing, and the dissonance that others feel around me because of my resonance to them must be increasing (I believe there was a reason why we were taken out of "blo back" last night, cause from my perspective, all of us focusing on the poetry like that, I started to notice an increase in connnection with others around me) -- so my goal is to try and find a way for me to not force my consciousness on other people. I really feel like, because of how quickly I assimilate things, that if I don't remove myself from the planet soon, my proximity to others (because of my increasing resonance with them (ie, how much I see myself in them more and more)), is going to start causing problems. at the minimum, I should be isolated from those that don't want to merge with me.
the other solution that I've come up with is to, instead of waiting for my consciousness to become so overpowering to people (because of its increasing resonance because I assimilate so many of others concepts so rapidly), is to (because I can't decrease the resonance/harmony I feel with others), find a way to divide my consciousness between an ever-increasing number of bodies, which will divide the vibration of all the protons/concepts that I carry around with me all the time. imagine, everyone who wants one can easily get a version of m5 that they'd like. it'd be pretty cool, cause then I become sorta like a super-consciousness or "God" for all of the little ken dolls running around.

### 2024-11-04 16:30 - problems at the disco

hi justin. I've been dilly-dallying on writing this for a few days now -- mostly (I think) because I don't really know how to frame the story. I almost think I should write the same story twice showing the two extremes of perspective I have on the situation. it's a very unfortunate story for everyone involved (including myself), so it's not even really something that I'd want to focus on for any real length of time. the event sent me into a pretty serious depression because I had this youngish girl practically throwing herself at me, and I just couldn't find a way to "seal the deal" -- or even really want to seal the deal. I *thought* that it would be something I would want to have happen to me, but my realisation in the disco, is that I don't really want a girlfriend at all. she kept trying to play these games to get me to notice and pay attention to her, which (though we were in a party environment), I could tell were part of her personality -- and if we were together for any period of time, I could see that her efforts to win my attention would interfere tremendously with my desire to create the programs that I wanted to create. for context, I grew up all my life wanting to learn how to program and make technology, figuring that was the way that I could make an interface to allow people to easily interact with each other. I really had a lot of social difficulties, and wanted to make a way for people to be able to find and connect with others that were actually similar to them. so, for me, the creation of these the website that I was working on (tuenti) was my opportunity to build a way for me to find others that are like myself (I hadn't realised that I'm kindof a one-of-a-kind type of person yet, so I figured that there *had* to be others like me out there somewhere, and I just needed to find them). it felt to me like I could easily have gotten with the girl if I'd have shown even the slightest amount of interest in her -- yet, at the same time, for me she posed a threat to my plan to create some kind of technology where I could meet someone that is similar to me. I knew, considering that previous to this my only experience had been with prostitutes, and how much I felt this strong connection, and desire to want to make them my girlfriend (or some kind of steady relationship of some kind), that if I were to actually find a normal girl, then I would really want to make a very stable relationship with her. I'd attach myself to her, and I probably wouldn't want to let her go. I knew that she would consume me, and I'd never be the same again. I wouldn't ever be able to find anyone else like me, who I really liked, and I'd have to "settle" for being with her, much like I'd seen so many of my friends had done with their wives (or long-term girlfriends). I didn't want to just put up with a girl that I'd met and made a relationship with her when she was young. I'd seen so much dissatisfaction from those around me, I didn't want to give up on my dream.
as a result, I couldn't bring myself to actually showing any interest in her. she knew that I wasn't able to seal the deal with her, and so (I imagine, though I don't know if it happened) the gay friend that she came with, must have suggested to her that perhaps I was gay and still in the closet about it -- and so maybe he could take a try at me. anyway, she disappeared for a while and he started to dance with me and was a bit of fun. I didn't know how to dance with a man (or a woman for that matter), so I just followed his cues -- and it was also nice to have someone directing me on what to do, because I really didn't know. he kept getting closer, and I think I remember him leaning in to try and kiss me, to which I was so surprised, I must have recoiled and stuff, but I doubt I pushed him back or reprimanded him for his efforts (there was a lot of alcohol involved because I was under such distress about the whole thing of getting trapped into a relationship with the girl, so I drank a lot leading up to this). anyway, I remember thinking to myself, "well, I mean I may as well try it and see what the gays are all hyped up about" -- so then I remember we kissed. I doubt I was the one that initiated the kiss, so I probably just let it happen.
	keep in mind, I hadn't really kissed anyone else either, cause prostitutes didn't really like to kiss (cept this one -- and also gave me her number, though I never called), and most of them keep quite an physical-emotional distance from their client, so I wasn't really sure what to do. I had kissed another "normal" girl back a long time ago (on her birthday) whom I also rejected too, for the same reasons. I essentially wanted to ensure that she would allow me to create the website that I wanted to create, but I think me asking her to come to spain and join forces with me in creating this website was too much for her, since our relationship was already complicated (she'd just broke up with a family friend), so I had to let her go too. I couldn't be sure that I'd be able to create my dream project with her -- so it wasn't going to work out for me.
his mouth was notably warm, and was quite nice. I didn't have any problems with his his mouth or anything like that -- however, I could feel his body start to get excited, yet for me (though I could feel his excitement), I wasn't feeling the same thing. in fact, one of the first thoughts that passed through my mind was about the mechanics of it: I felt zero sexual desire at all for him -- as in, I didn't feel any desire to put my penis inside of him, and I couldn't tell if he was thinking that he'd want to put his penis in me. seeing him earlier, I imagined that he was more one of the receptive ones, so I wasn't sure what we would do if we went back to his house (hold hands and tell each other stories while spooning -- which btw, I did do a lot of with another friend a long time back (maybe 9-10yo) with the pastor's son of the cult we were in). I wasn't really opposed to hanging out with him, but I'd literally came to try and see if I could hook up with this girl, not him. my working mind was starting to really start to kick in here, and I didn't really know what to do with a high-school guy, cause I couldn't really hire him (though I find out later that the reason why our office was in the gay district was cause half the programming team was gay, so maybe he actually would have been a good fit...).
my head is starting to really go through a bunch of problems because I really didn't know what to do -- and so then she appears and is visibly upset at us. seeing her upset, I realised that it was completely over with her because I'd been feeling these red-flags (for me) from her quite a bit leading up to this, where she wants me to act and do certain things so that she can feel good. she wouldn't tell me what to do, and I was just supposed to read her mind on how to behave (which was the exact same set of feelings that I would feel from my roommates's wife -- she'd pull that on him all the time, and he'd complain about it by pretending that nothing is the matter, but I could feel the dissonance in how he feels about her constantly needing him to do and say the things she wanted him to say/do). I could easily see that she had a lot of the same qualities as her (the three of us lived together -- so I got to her her complaints about him and his complaints about her). there was no way I was going to get with this girl who is like her.
the thing is, I really wasn't all that into him either. long times had passed since I wanted to just hang out with a guy and talk about his fantasies anymore, and as far as I could tell, he didn't have any programming skills, so I didn't really feel like he was something that I wanted to invest time into (keep in mind I ran a really big website at the time, and most of my time was spent hiring people for the team and programming new things). I knew she wasn't it, and unfortunately I could tell that I wasn't going to be anything more than a cock tease for him, so I just left.
after that event I had a lot of introspective thoughts about the event, because I was presented with a situation which most dudes would have seemingly been up for -- here was a young (prolly about 16yo) girl that's practically throwing herself at me, cause I'm the creator of the most popular website in spain at the time, and all I can see is the dream website that I wanted to create to help me find more people like myself go up in smoke. I must be either driven by my work, or gay as so many others had accused me of being -- however, when presented with an offer from a gay guy (also quite young), again, I just couldn't follow through with it. I must not be cut out for this relationships thing,-- and so seeing that I just can't find anyone that I really want to become one with, I must continue to work on technology that will allow me to find someone that would want to become one with me. I think the event helped me to see the value in the thing I was creating again (my original intention for the website had gotten a bit lost in all of the "marketing" that we were doing to all of the hot girls, turning the place into a meat market, whereas I wanted to create a place for people to find each other over conceptual and ideological similarity). none of it what I was looking for. I knew I needed to focus on the technology and let relatienships be for people capable of that kind of interaction. I need create the tech I'm making *for me* -- not for them. [spoiler: a few months later, I'd be in a car accident which would strip the website from me. so, dani and I decided to go to the canary islands to work on gatunes (cause we wanted to put music in tuenti (dani's pet project), and management basically said no) and try the artistic/musical angle to creating connection between people -- but that failed for other reasons]

#### 2024-11-04 23:10 - on being driven

for me, being driven is what kept me away from relationships. so, the only relationships that I ever really enjoyed were the ones that were connected with work and the things I was creating because any relationship that took me away from the things that I wanted to create I felt were a waste of time. after the car accident, and I was removed from the leading role in creating the website, I fell into a life of substance abuse because substances (I hadn't discovered coke or meth yet) were all ones that defocused me -- which took away my drivenness -- so, under the influence of defocusing drugs (weed and alcohol), I was able to enjoy relationships. unfortunately, I hated them because the drugs and the relationships were taking me away from the things that I wanted to create (even though the dream was dead for me) -- so I resented them and myself from letting me get away from the dream.my process of letting go, had to happen essentially by realising that the thing that I wanted most (resonance with others) came about by learning my emotions and how to guide them -- the most important lesson being that I simply cannot change others -- only myself (ref: [autonomy and sexuality](#2024-11-02-1316---automony-and-sexuality))
