# dear-naomi

### 2024-11-28 00:10 - evolution-of-desire

hi naomi, now that you aren't my therapist I can literally just tell you what I have on my mind and you don't have to say/respond anything... lol. so anyway, on monday, when you said to me, "well then what do you need me for?" -- I felt something coming from you that I hadn't felt in a very long time. the feeling you emitted felt very strongly like this one time back in 2011 when I told patricia (like I told you, I feel as very similar to her) that I didn't want to learn german and it just wasn't going to work out. she emitted the same feeling that you did, which was a feeling of a sort of collapsed plan. to give some context, at the time I think she wanted to enter into a stable relationship with me. I really wanted to as well, because in my mind I'd built up all of these great programming ideas that we could work on and create together -- because I've got tremendous charisma and the ability to make things happen, plus a sense for user interface and things -- the main thing I was lacking on for large technical projects was someone that's analytical and stastistical like she was. in my mind, she was the perfect person that I could find -- and here, seemingly she wants to make a semi-stable relationship with me. so it would seem like the perfect thing to do (if I only looked at the situation analytically) -- the problem is though that my emotions were screaming out to me that I simply cannot do it. nothing about it felt right, and I just couldn't make it work in my emotional mind.
	a major factor is that as I was beginning to listen and learn a bit of german, is that I was going the wrong direction: I started to feel the structure of the language, and (though I had a somewhat similar feeling with spanish), it really felt like if I were to learn german my ability to construct well-formed rhetoric (the ability to sway people with words) would totally skyrocket. also, I could feel this very strong war-like behaviour that came with it as well -- as in just apply enough force to the issue, and progress can be made. the language made me feel forceful and pursuasive in a way that I didn't like. additionally, I was really quite happy with "the spanish way" which wasn't building perfect machines that performed at their optimum (the way I was before I came to spain), but instead personifying the idea that I could strap a few chapuzas together and get something working. I was learning to be messy and sloppy, and that it's OK to not have things in such a perfect and optimal way (which was my main contention with the spanish programmers that we hired -- cause they'd just make a mess of the code everywhere, and not having the ability to reason abstractly used a lot of brute force, leaving a lot of unnecessary clutter in the code everywhere). I was trying to learn how to be OK with clutter and lots of non-perfect/optimal solutions (the thing that erik was always saying we needed to have, even though they often times performed worse). I was trading performance/speed for correctness/rightness -- and learning german felt to me like I was going in the exactly opposite direction that I wanted to go.
	also during that time, I didn't really have any emotions too much before I went to spain. I was pretty robotic, and learning the spanish way was teaching me to accept my emotional side too. I didn't really know what to do with my emotions, and they caused me to do things like like girls, but at the same time, my emotions are just really not wanting to let me go into this pre-programmed lifestyle that it felt like patricia had prepared for me. it felt like she had prepared a fully-formed box or something that would organise and make me behave and respond in a well-defined way. just the idea of continuing on with her in the relationship felt terrible. all of my life, when faced with a decision, I project myself forward in time to feel how it feels, and then based on how that feels (supposing the conditions), I do the thing if I like how it feels. for example, with tuenti, when I projected myself forward in time, I could viscerally feel having created the website and how awesome it was going to be. I arrived to spain knowing already that would be my future. well, in the same way, I felt the visceral future of what it would be like to be stuck in patricia's future felt so terrible to me, I just had to tell her no. I didn't have (then) the capacity to express m/ emotions as well as I do now (and likely this is the best explanation she's ever been given, ever, either).
the only thing I could probably really tell her were incoherent ideas and the answer "no" or "I just can't". when I first told her, we were at the co-working space and I remember the feeling of having me rip her plan to shreds devistated her so much, a tremendous storm came out of nowhere and it started raining really really hard. I called her "tormenta" ever since. I really did feel bad for causing her so much anguish and grief and stuff, but I just couldn't go that way. I don't know how much she blamed herself or anything -- but having 13y of hindsight on it (and been harshly rained on by other saturnian types), I've learned a lot about how venusian/saturnian people work. they get this whole structure built up in their head about how things should go, and then when it doesn't go as planned, it's like the picture of father kronos, the broken corinthian column, and the distraught maiden -- a very sad experience, because all expectations of everything just crumble.
I don't know exactly the why the feeling that I felt from you was so similar to patricia's -- so I'm going to make a whole lot of assumptions (cause even if you were there and I could ask you, I hardly doubt you'd have any direct answers to my questions, and perhaps may even feel embarrassment from my assumptions too). anyway, judging by the way you reacted to me telling you a few months ago that I'd be going to utah, I have to assume that you (or the archetype of venus in general) had built up a whole lot of ideas and plans around (perhaps, not sure which ones) some of my genetics ideas, perhaps it was the black-mirror-idea, or perhaps it was some other idea -- but the trigger seemed to be the realisation that I would no longer be actively/willfully pursuing those ideas anymore. it seems that, if I'm going to be going in a direction of "no longer outputting" (only-attraction), then "why do I need you?" I just sit around (on my hands) and wait for the world to come to me, making no effort to go after the things that I thought I wanted. I'm going to assume that it must have something to do with that -- or maybe that I simply cannot go in the direction of having any relationships anymore (or maybe both).
	I'd like to point out the similarity to this situation and the situation with patricia as well: I really thought (analytically), that patricia was the person that I must have been looking for. and so, because she met all of the criteria of what I thought I wanted (just like the genetics and the black-mirror-idea and all that stuff was the stuff I thought I wanted to create), I (unfortunately or fortunately -- not really sure) decided to really begin going after this opportunity that was in front of me (patricia). I consulted all the grandmasters of picking up chicks (mccord, rupert, etc) the best ways to try and get her -- and used a lot of the different techniques that I'd learned in the past -- but I gatta say, they didn't work too well for me, so I just switched it up for being myself. that had it's good points and bad points because (for example) I'm a pretty proud person of the things that I create, and I wanted to just say what I wanted, but the combination of those gave me the impression (actually she told me) that I was really arrogant, and using my creation (tuenti) to pick up chicks and get sex and stuff -- nothing could have been farther from the truth there, but trying to be some other less arrogant and more palletable version of myself wasn't working. my confidence and charisma eventually worked it out such that we were having regular coffees and talking pretty often. I wanted to just tell her directly what I wanted -- but it felt to me like she didn't want me to -- like she wanted to play games and stuff (well, I'm bad at social cues, so that failed miserably) -- so I was never actually direct and honest with her. I think she had a very different picture of who I was in her mind than I was -- probably cause she was assuming that I was "like all guys are" (I always prove venusian/saturnian types' beliefs/expectations about me. I can't behave/appear as anything other than what they believe about me or the general archetype that I represent to them (geek/nerd/man/"crazy coder guy"/etc)). I think she eventually saw my complete incompetence in being able to make the perfect date or whatever happen (cause I was working against her own beliefs about the archetypes that she wanted me to be, but some other version of them) that she finally did the work for me (it had to be that way, or nothing would have ever happened), and I was quite thankful, because I really didn't know at all how to act around her. I was always inferior to her and subject to her ridicule, almost as if it was necessary for her to bring me and my high opinion of myself down to her level. anyway, as it progressed, sure it seemed like I was making physical progress with her, but I never left her feeling better, but I always had this sadness that something didn't work out the way it was supposed to go (later on, I realized that to probably be how she felt), and I never felt like I was more smarter or capable of doing the programming things that I wanted. I was quickly realising that she isn't what I'm looking for. I didn't want someone structured and ordered, but instead someone that's sloppy and messy, and not trying to make things go a certain way -- someone I could just say what I wanted to do, and we'd find a way to make them happen (sorta like how zaryn was at the beginning).
	the same thing is happening in the present moment too. I saw this thing that I totally thought I wanted (black-mirror-idea and genetics stuff -- just like patricia), but I'm totally incapable of making it happen. I feel like if I were to try and get into trying to build it in a symbolic/logical way, it would quitkly be shown how many holes there are in my ideas and how little I actually know on the subject (just like patricia did for me about probabilities and data analysis) -- and that would probably cause a lot of a loss in confidence and stuff. most of my knowledge is *conceptual*, which means that it's pretty difficult to actually turn into real mathematical theories and formulas -- but I know how it *should* all fit together in my mind, so I just have to take it slow and do the wikipedia thing where I look it up, implement it in code, and then just sorta trial-and-error it all the way to something that works (the chapuza method), because all along the way, I have to learn and figure out what the heck I'm doing. so, just like how patricia was totally the thing I thought I wanted, over time, the realisation that I'm not really ready (I don't have the things I want to build with her well thought out and planned in a way that would work for her mind), and neither do I really want to be ready in that sort of way either (I really can't possibly be able to keep all of that stuff in my head and follow some kind of plan) -- the whole thing just starts to feel worse and worse the closer I get to it. I'm not saying that it'll never happen, but trying to figure it out and follow some kind of plan, *will not work for me*. then, imagine that somehow the venusian girls -- same thing, notice my incapacity to be able to make my perceived dream come to pass, and decide to do the work for me -- there's still the entire problem of *communication*: none of us can have any open communication and all these secrets have to be kept to uphold a bunch of illusions -- which, just like with patricia, causes a whole lot of problems. (somehow) I gave her some sort of illusion that I was a totally different person than I was -- and that caused her to build up these impossible to realise expectations on my part. her expectations of me were so strong that I couldn't just tell her that I'm not the big superstar that she thinks I am. so, imagine then that somehow we solve the communication issue, and no longer is nosebook and all of the other taboo subjects off-limits, there's still the entire problem that the idea doesn't even feel good to me anymore. it's not what I want to make anymore. I dunno what it is that I do want to make, but it's probably not that. finally, the idea of having any sort of relationship with anyone feels so terrible to me now. I went the drugs path now -- adderall is really helping me to turn into a black-hole much much more rapidly and much more smoothely than any sort of physical or sexual relationship would do. I really like how I'm going now, because I'm acquiring/assimilating so many other people's concepts *at a distance* -- which means that big things aren't breaking, and there's no massive chaos or anything like that. I just absorb, and things go better and better all the time.
whatever the case, all of those ideas (genetics, sex/relationships, black-mirror-idea, etc) have completely gone from me now. I don't want anything to do with them, and I refuse to have anyone else try and put them into my experience either. if I had've done any of those ideas, I would have been 2nd-ray because I would have been figuring out the "best" manifestation in my mind, and then (willfully) creating that. instead, I'm going in the opposite direction of that, where I'm just absorbing/observing (non-judgementally) until whatever it is comes. I really don't mind that anyone else can do those ideas -- and in fact, I would greatly prefer it. I know I can't compete with all the other guys out there -- cause they're all way smarter and have a much much better grasp of tech than I do. they'll create way way way better stuff than anything I could ever build, and that's fine for me. I don't need to prove myself at all in any way -- cause where I excel at, isn't symbolic and analytical reasoning -- but in feeling the way I want to feel, and being receptive to new things and ideas. at the rate I'm going (which is fast enough), I find it silly to even think about trying to build something that I'm in the process of becoming.
*I am* the thing I wanted to create. for example, in the genetics concept, the idea is that there are all of these 1st-ray kens running around, being a reflection of the barbies that (essentially) own them. however, in order to be 1st-ray, I can't be building stuff -- that's 2nd-ray. I can't be both at the same time. I'm either attracting or I'm symbolically receiving -- not both. I mean, I could do both, but that would be doing dbt not msc -- and I'm not doing the willful side of dbt anymore (or at least not trying to).

### 2024-12-02 18:41 - weekly checkin

so today we had dbt class and I realized that it's probably a good idea to just do a weekly checkin with you (as if you're still doing therapy with me) cause even though I'll have dr. rey, it'll be a completely different type of interaction with him than it was/is with you. like I said, I'll have to explain some things in a way that is similar to his form of percEption -- so, for example, I tried practising talking to him yesterday to see how it would go, and unless he has questions for me, I think the best way for me to interact with him (cause nothing is really going wrong in my life), is to talk with him about dbt stuff. he's always got some really illuminating answers to my questions about it.
	as I've been going through the dbt course, I've been realising that the dbt skills are not actually there for improving or understanding how perception and our emotions shape our reality -- but instead to just find ways of managing and finding a way to respond in more appropriate/effective ways. I don't mind that's what dbt skills are there for, and I'm kinda learning how to not need them to be different (though, when you asked what I feel about the emotion regulation module, I complained that I think it's overly complex). I feel kinda bad that you guys are getting such an inferior/complicated version of emotions that kinda just teaches to just bounch from one end of the emotional spectrum to another end -- using opposite *action*, which is output (instead of opposite observation/focus/perception -- which is input). it's a lot easier to notice and focus on things that are opposite than it is to try and be(have) in a way that is opposite to the things that are causing the emotional responces. the good thing about the couurse though is that (at the very least) it teaches people to become aware of how they feel, even if it doesn't provide effective ways of actually changing the way those emotions are processed. so anyway, it's kinda funny because I've noticed that dr. rey's insights into the dbt method are quite good at noticing patterns in emotions and becoming aware of them, which is really quite interesting to me. I enjoy hearing about how to become more aware of my emotions and discovering some of the root causes for those emotions.
so, I'm excited to talk to him about dbt stuff -- and the main difference that I'd like to illustrate about the difference in our conversation is that with you, it feels to me like I can just talk about how I'm going the only-attraction/receptive path, and talk about the different things that during the week which have caused me to be more assertive/willful instead of receptive/willing (I'll do that below). the thing is, that there isn't really any part of my life that's going wrong anymore -- and there's no real issues that I have where I'm having a strong negative responce to them -- and even if I do have a negative responce, those things get worked out pretty quickly now (if he wants to know my techniques, he can ask, but the majority of them is radical acceptance, and not needing others to be(have) differently so that I can feel good). so if there's something that he needs to "fix" in therapy, then I feel like our time together will be pretty short (because after analysis, he's probably going to realise that I don't really have any difficulties anymore).
it's actually kinda funny to make it sound this way, but in the last few weeks (it started ever since I became homeless), I really feel like I've passed over the most difficult part of reality now (which is needing some conditions to be different than how they are in order to feel good). the last thing that I'm getting over at this point is watching and allowing others like mom or stacy to just do things the way that they want to do it and not trying to intervene so much. for my mom it's probably the hardest, because I love her obviously a lot more than someone that I've only known a few months (stacy) -- and so in that sense, I have to just watch mom flail about at something that seems so obvious and easy to fix for me. it's kinda like being a parent actually and wanting to fix the kid's reality for them, cause I can't let something that's "hard to watch" make me feel bad. I can offer my opinion about how she can do it better and it feels to me like her having a more and more difficult time, is my test/opportunity to find a way to watch her go through a tough time, and still feel good about it (because I can't change it anyway, so I just need to let her go through it her own way). that really feels like the only thing left over (just things that have to do with social interactions with people I care about), cause at this point I can pretty much feel good (or not feel bad (accept)) anything that's thrown at me now.
so now, imagine that I'm on this trajectory toward becoming more and more only-attraction, just feeling the way that I want to feel [no matter all of the symbolic stuff](../plastic-kenny/slow-poke.md#2024-12-01-2336---strip-away-all-of-the-symbolic), then I'm pretty much there. the only thing symbolic (stuff outside me that causes me to feel a certain way) leftover now is my relationships with others. all I have to do now is to find a way to just hold my thoughts and let others figure things out their own way. I honestly didn't think it would be all that difficult to do that with my mom,-- though it turns out that I care about her more than I anticipated. normally I don't care enough in order to feel that (even if it's my mom), so I actually posit that the way I feel toward her (caring and wanting her trajectory to go the that I prefer) feels to me like a reflection of her care for me. she has the same sort of feeling like she needs to step in and guide my trajectory when it's heading in a direction that she sees as bad. so it's kinda interesting that just by being around her, I'm having to work on things and release resistance to, which I normally don't even care about.
	"care about someone/something" is an interesting expression because it means that I have a trajectory for them that I want to see happen (like a parent toward a child). I'm pretty egotistical, and up until only recently when I started the only-attraction form of perception, the only person that I "cared" about, was myself. I didn't give too much of an afterthought to the way others were going (the only exception was raquel, and that's because we were sexually involved, so I felt her as I felt myself, and so therefore I had a reason to "care" about the trajectory that she had) -- and so I only really tried to adjust my own trajectory into the future because I was the only one that I "cared" about. however, now that I've released a lot of my own beliefs/resistance, it's interesting that now that I become a reflection of these other people, I take on their form of perception (ie, their beliefs and way of processing reality), which means that I have to additionaly find ways of releasing resistance to not just my own beliefs, but to (potentially) the infinite set of others beliefs that I could encounter as being a reflection of the other person that I'm around.

### 2024-12-09 23:07 - weekly checkin

hi naomi. today is the weekly checkin. I saw you at dbt class, and you didn't give me any funny looks or anything, so I feel like it's probably OK to write you again with another weekly checkin -- I'm sure it's fine :) I originally wanted really strongly to write this idea to you on the 4th -- but for whatever reason I just couldn't bring myself to do it. that night I was walking home from friendly harbor and venus was like right next to the moon and stuff. I didn't know it was venus at the time (I get her confused with jupiter and mars all the time), but then I looked the next day at the astrology app to find out the planets. I ended up watching a bunch of math videos on youtube instead (cause I just didn't feel like writing it). I figured that it was probably OK considering I didn't really have the concept very clear in my mind, and so sometimes it helps a lot to give it a day or two for the concept to clarify itself. it hasn't -- but this time I did feel like writing to you, so I'll just give it a go and see what happens.
the idea that I originally had (which isn't the one that it is now cause it's changed, but I'm still not sure into what), was essentially a vision that went something like this: somehow I convinced you/venus that they were the ones that want to make the black-mirror-idea come to life -- and I'm not sure at all of what my participation would be -- but essentially, there was a period of time that you guys built the thing and launched it meanwhilst I'm still becoming more and more attractive. you guys launched it and having it orbiting around the equator of earth, it becomes the new saturnian-system. this part seems to have changed, so take it with a grain of salt here -- and even though I originally envisioned the three parts of the pen-rose sections being composed of -7, -5+, and -1 girls, since this is the new saturnian-system, the configuration was different: instead of -7 earth girls, there were a bunch of (+7) mercuries, the vulcans replaced by the (+-4) saturns, and instead of the -1 opposite earth girls, there were instead a bunch of venuses. then, this is the messed up part about it, the narrative behind it was pretty messed up: the venuses becam5 essentially the new emitters, and (due to some strange capability that patricia had accomplished, cause she's probably pretty far out there at this point -- so nearly -1, her will/desire is what's manifested) the venuses essentially capture all of the dudes on the planet and put them on the pen-rose, where the the ones that desire a female would get paired with a venus, which would basically be the motivataing force for them to end up becoming receptive to the ever recycling set of new influx of mercuries (being born obviously to the venuses so that they could ensure the new ones are positioned in the right spots) -- and then as they worked out their differences, mercury would convert/upgrade to saturn in the process, as -- I should mention that the mercuries were born into the standard 6X (astral) DNA structure -- and as they get converted to saturns, they take on an extra 4 X chromosomes converting them into 10X to be directly balancing the three parts of the pen-rose with trastral perception. since the 1st-ray on this is venus, she's going to ensure that *all* symbolic possiblities where essentially all possiblities are explored (though this is infinite, just go with it, cause we're going for the purest, most continuous spectrum black). as the saturns finally get sick of the infinite loop that they're in, eventually they figure that what they know is "good enough" and want to build their kingdom the way that they want to -- and those get "upgraded" to 2nd-rays, essentially when their balance of emissive/receptive concepts is sufficient enough to have the main-sequence-star that's their "identity" (which is linked to their extra chromosomes) pull them out to build out their own idea in their own solar system with their own rules. all of those main-sequence-stars are all floating around the galaxy-centre (which is me/earth), so they're supported with me as their minimum (ie, I provide the bottom-up perspective and each star is the top-down perspective). each solar implementation that's created goes out and does its thing, and eventually collapses and dies as the symbolic implementation is never going to be sufficient enough (ie, the star supernovas). the output of the supernova not only improves and provides expansion/diversity for the other stars in the galaxy, but quite a bit of what is blasted out (the stuff that doesn't work) is attracted to the black-mirror dome and continued to be iterated on by the mercuries/saturns on the pen-rose building its frequency up even higher. this process essentially continues infinitely and they'll keep building bigger and bigger, more and more conmplex and exciting versions of main-sequence-stars in the process.
it all sounds a bit far-fetched, and there are a few things that have changed a bit since I wrote about the idea -- though it could be worked out I suppose. also, it occurred to me that if there were actually two black-mirrors orbiting the earth, one on each side, it may be possible to make that happen it (the reason why I don't know of it existing presently is because the waves of each side would cancel each other out -- so it'd be a bit difficult for them to be "natural" orbiting bodies -- but instead if we think of each dome and the central resonating structure (chestahedron/decatria?) as having some kind of resonance to earth (think of this as similar to the implementation of trastral) and also to the two extremes). it seems that it's possible, and the effects of it would be that one extreme is more attractive (-7,-5+,-1) and the other side emissive (+7,+-4,-3) balanced between the midpoint (ie, the thing that wants the extremes to come back to the centre) -- so each side would have to continually extend its structure farther and farther out from the midpoint -- one side using attraction and the other side using symbol/emission. one side produces for the galaxy main-sequence-stars with bigger and better fitting concepts, while the other produces more and more attractive black-holes.
it works out in my head, though obviously there are a few bits/holes in the idea that I haven't fully worked out. I think it's possible too, and I just wanted to throw the idea out there to get some reactions to it. the cool thing is that it'd make it possible for both sides to go their own way and each side having mutual benefit to the other.

besides this idea, I'll actually talk about my week now: I've been doing pretty well. I've been talking a lot with jen lately, and I feel like it's really accelerated things. it's not so fast that I feel like I'm going too fast, but for me, as someone who's usually feeling my future unfold pretty easily, when I look forward into the future, I just can't seem to project very far out. back when I was at mom's (carefree) house I felt a sort of temporal stability and I could project into the future and it seemed pretty easy to just carry on how I was (obviously all the way up to the point where some kind of separation would occur or nosebook would give up) -- but now, I don't have any clue at all what'll happen. I don't see the trajectory really at all, and it feels like I can't anticipate anything that's coming up. it doesn't really give me anxiety or make me scared at all; quite the opposite actually: I feel confident enough that I'm doing well enough on my emotional stability, I'm really not all that worried. I wish I could assure myself some sort of smoothe transition, and I wish it were so, and yet at the same time, since I'm all about having the unexpected play out, it's kinda strange feeling. I don't really know what to expect, but I suppose that's OK. jen asked me today if I liked surprises, and I told her no -- cause I tend to feel like I can feel what's coming -- but I suppose I was a bit untruthful to her because I think I didn't understand the word "surprise". surprise emotions (confused/baffled/etc) are all based on expectation, and happen when something happens that's not expected -- so I interpret surprise as being something not expected -- but my expectation is that things are constantly working out just fine even if my body is in the middle of a not good feeling environment -- so in that sense, since that's always what happens, anything that doesn't feel good in my body is usually just a temporary condition, and it eventually works itself out -- so I don't actually feel surprise at all, because why wouldn't it always work out? even all of the stuff that I "lost" or was a failure in the physical/symbolic/status success metric, was actually working out well -- so I see "bad" things happen (like becoming homeless) and I don't suppose that I'm all that "surprised" by them, just maybe a different path -- but I know they're always working out anyway. the emotion isn't exactly "surprise" but more like, "huh, OK, well, this is a different path that I expected" -- though like I said, I can't really project into the future in any meaningful way anymore (this is what happens when lowering resistance and losing identity), so I don't even have an expected path or outcome anymore -- though I know it'll feel just fine cause I feel just fine (so it's nothing to be worried about).

#### 2024-12-10 13:53 - a few flaws

I noticed a bit of a contradiction in what I wrote: I used the saturnian triad (venus, mercury, saturn) because they're important for the emitting concept (aka proton or main-sequence-star) -- and it took me a while to figure this triad out, so I'll just explain what I know about it and why I put it that way. the saturnian-system is the balance of solar/astral energies (2nd-ray) and earth energies (7th-ray). to do that, mercury is used because he's a 7th-ray -- assentially the same as mars, but his connection is to the sun.
	it's my belief that the X chromosome is essentially a the person's connection to the earth and the vast array of concepts stored within. earth is attractive to such a wide variety of good/bad concepts that do/don't work, that its absorbtion spectrum is essentially pitch black. it wasn't that way for a long time, which is why there were so many thusands/millions(?) of years where there wasn't a whole lot of advancement on earth. earth's energy kept rising (which attracts more energy from the sun) and so there was a constant increase in vibrational speed (emitting more and more concepts at higher and higher speeds), even though enki's system was in place, which kept everything at a static frequency. the constant interaction between these static frequencies and the continually expanding ones is what created the massive attracting cube, which is the source for the blackness of carbon. before that (in enki's system), carbon and organic compounds and other things like that existed, but not as the result of physical atoms. all things existed as a sort of simulation, and was similar enough to what the future physical world would look like, that it was pretty indistinguishable. all of that was happening in astral, which comes from the sun -- so as the centre of the earth started to become more and more black/attractive, it would attract more and more output from the sun -- which eventually caused failure. there are lots of legends about this.
		when the static/dimensioned system of enki failed, everyone "fell" down into physical, and now new things started to appear. one of those was apparently the rainbow. previously light (cause it was an astral/mental system) just came from the location that it comes from and illuminates things (with shadows and stuff in a very realistic way -- but it's still contrived, kinda like how lighting is in 3d games), but now with the physical system in place, the EM radiation from the sun that passes through earth's first saturnian-system caused new emergent effects never before seen like rainbows and crazy weather patterns that would emerge from concentrations of energy in certain places. those patterns made early earth quite a chaotic place, and things were pretty magical as well, because the saturnian-system wasn't developed enough yet to ensure that those peaks of energy were dissipated. there have been multiple new saturian-systems put into place by the leading conqurers of the planet.
	the saturnian-system balances the incoming solar energy, and earth's energy. it does that by organising mercury and venus (throughout time) to balance out and prevent any super peaks from destabilising the system. because it's often the case that once someone gets any amount of power, they'll want more, and so the very system that gave them the power to prevent too much power/energy being put into one place, is now preventing them from getting too much power/energy into one place. the saturnian-system is in constant conflict, because every new thing only lasts for as long as it doesn't get too powerful and can maintain creating better and better black.
	earth is (like any 1st-ray like myself) putting out all kinds of ideas out into its atmosphere, attempting and hoping that someone attractive to the ideas will be able to create and implement them. this is the generous and benevolent "father" (or "source") that is constantly giving everything that's desired to everyone.  the saturnian-system is responsible to ensure that all of those emitted concepts are immediately opposed, and the reason is to force an evolution on those concepts (the earth gives out the "worst" most inferior/unevolved version of the concept) and the conflict that occurs through the saturian-system causes those concepts to evolve and resonate with more things as they become higher and higher frequency. in the process of each of these conflicts, the earth is generating the attractive version of the same concept (at much higher frequency), which is making a more and more pure black. the saturnian-system, through constant conflict and turnover of such a wide variety of ideas/concepts/entities is what's producing that continuous spectrum of black. earth's goal is to become receptive/attractive to *all* frequencies, meaning, all the good/bad/evil ones at the same time.
	so, to prevent such a catastrophe where the sun starts to output too much because the earth is becoming too attractive, the sun's energy needs to constantly be countered by the earth and vice-versa. the sun contributes solar souls in the form of venus and mercury, which are manipulated and moved around by saturn into the places that are needed. each saturn/mercury in the system is selfish in their desire to gain power/influence in responce to their efforts, and there are constantly multiple factions of these saturns and mercuries (in addition to the mars/promethian factions) which all compete for power and influence. the system use this constant competition and struggle to keep the balance and build the continuous spectrum. empires rise and fall, things come and go, trends are created and then fall away, and illusions of fame and fortune come and go as well. each duration (of the person/trend/illusion/hype) can never last for any longer than is necessary, requiring to get the continuous black spectrum there to be a rise and a fall to everything. the earth itself is "programmed obsolescence", and the saturnian-system ensures it's so. no thing within the saturnian-system is desired/designed to last forever. everyone eventually gets their turn to rise and fall, because the full spectrum is desired.
when I originally had the idea, I considered that since mercury is the XY (having connection to the sun/astral), he will need to go into the 6X (astral) system which is just moving him from the sun's astral system into the earth's astral system (it's an upgrade) -- so in a sense, this tim5 around, mercury will be "saved" by earth, instead of by the sun.. mercury will essentially be the "scholar" that lives on the pen-rose with venus and saturn. he's an "emitter" in the sense that he'll be constantly directed to the saturns to give them the symbolic input that they want/need to have (to continue the conflict), but because of the way the penis and the genetics are setup, mercury is also quite receptive at the same time, because each time he interacts with saturn/venus, their concepts are being received and will strongly interact with mercury's concepts, both boosting and destroying many. he'll love the continual boosting as it makes him and his symbolic system of how everything works more and more clear/real to him -- which means he'll have "favourites" that he likes to interact with and continue on his "research" or expansion of concepts. [I'm not totally sure of how to render this concept, because mercury looks to me like a 2nd-ray/prometheus, even though he's just a plain old astral 7th-ray (7th-rays can do everything because of their attraction spectrum)]. mercury is kinda like the planner/architect/improver of venus' (constantly inferior) system of trying out all of the stuff that doesn't work (she looks like a complete retard in his eyes, having lightyears of advancement on the ridiculous stuff she thinks is cool), and then that gets implemented in the saturns solar systems.
venus would would go with the 10X system, which is three 3X pairs (all 120(degrees) offset from each other, equilateral balanancing), plus another X pair which, is essentially venus 1st-ray "source" (connected to earth). this ensures that venus is continually attracting the symbolic system which will produce the blackness described -- however, instead of it being a system of *attraction* (ie, absorbtion spectrum), it's a system of output, and so she's basically ensuring (just like she does for the sun) that the saturnian main-sequence-stars will produce a more and more pure white spectrum -- essentially by building a symbolic system which emcompases more and more frequencies (ie, more and more complex, requiring bigger and better tools of managing the complexity).
	venus, being (like patricia was to me) becomes the symbolic reflector of the 1st-ray perspective. she's essentially responsible for creating/experiencing the "worst" in symbolic form (producing the chaos necessary for the saturnian-system to continue to make more and more black). reflections of 1st-ray (like vulcan is now) are sorta like the one that wants to fill in all of the holes; the "completionist" perspective, wanting to experience all of the things that don't work and figuring out a way forward anyway. the continuous-spectrum perspective (pure white/black) is the opposite of an a symbolic/defined emitter, which symbolically identifies the "best" most calculated-desire thing, and goes in the direction of that. we can think of an emitter having a definite emission spectrum (like jupiter/venus/neptune) -- and those definite spectral lines are what the that system determines is "best" or "most effective" things it wants to output/create. so then, it pushes outward only in the direction of those calculated ways/frequencies.
saturn, (in his "god" form on the pen-rose), would probably have, instead of an X pair, a Y pair -- connecting him to the star that he's building the concepts for making him esentially the solar god. he can move around inside of the solar system doing anything he wants, going anywhere he wants and seeing anything. to understand what I mean, understand that in the current saturnian-system, saturn can move around between bodies, feeling any body as if it were his own, having full access to the concepts and perception of that body (from the body's point of view), and so he'll have essentially full control to be able to make his solar creation (the collection of all of his concepts) whatever he wants it to be. he lives between those two worlds going between both (probably, though it may be something more like his body on the pen-rose would be kinda like an automaton, behaving and acting (according to the symbolic system that venus sets up) on the pen-rose as a vibrational reflection to his solar perspective.
the reason for such a system, I also noticed too is really nice because I don't want to have anything to do with the symbolic part of the spectrum -- yet at the same time I (consider this like the centre of the earth) want to be completely black and attractive to everything. so how would I do that if I'm completely rejecting a massive (everything subatomic) part of the spectrum and only dealing with physical? I'd need that whole symbolic/subatomic part of the spectrum to become black in some way. earth already outsources this problem to the sun, and its solar entities to do all of that, only having itself the 1,5,7 perspective (ie, the 1 -- outputting concepts at the very centre of the earth at impossibly high ("source") frequencies, the 5 which is all of the attractive (oppositely spinning) protons around that tiny tiny core, which through their attraction and collisions with output protons, produces real stuff, everything from silicates to metals, and then finally 7, the physical layer). earth does not want to be trying to influence or interact with any of the subatomic stuff coming from the sun/venus -- which is why the saturnian-system exists in the first place. this idea here is my best effort of replicating the way I know the saturnian-system to function, but on a galactic scale -- not just working with one star, but with many. I see it working in my head, so I think it's possible :)
